["Mel Brooks, one of my favorite directors of all time, he's delivered some of the most memorable comedies: Young Frankenstein, Spaceballs, The Producers, High Anxiety, Blazing Saddles, Robin Hood: Men in Tights. He now brings us Dracula: Dead and Loving it, one of my favorite guilty pleasures. I know there is a bit of hate for this movie because a lot of people say that Mel lost his touch and this isn't as funny as his older films. Let's face it, Mel peeked pretty early in his career with Young Frankenstein, which is one of my favorite films of all time, but everyone is naturally going to compare every film that he made at that point with his greatest movies. But if you seriously are telling me that there was not one scene that you didn't laugh at then you need your funny bone checked.The year is 1893, solicitor Thomas Renfield travels all the way from London to Transylvania to meet an important client. As he nears the end of his journey, the sun sets, and the stagecoach driver refuses to take him any further. Kindly villagers plead with him to turn back, but Renfield explains that he is expected. Renfield arrives safely and meets Count Dracula, a charming but rather strange man who is, of course, a vampire. Dracula signs the papers finalizing the purchase of Carfax Abbey in England, and Renfield retires for the night. He wakes up when two Brides of Dracula come gliding seductively in. Dracula then casts a hypnotic spell on the suggestible Renfield, making him his slave. Dracula and Renfield soon embark for England. He goes ashore, leaving Renfield behind. When Renfield is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum. Dracula introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward, owner of the asylum where Renfield is being held, and a believer in enemas as a sovereign remedy for mental illness; Seward's assistant, Jonathan Harker; Seward's beautiful daughter Mina; and Seward's ward, the equally pretty Lucy. Dracula flirts with Lucy and, later that night, he feeds on her blood. The next day, Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in an expert on obscure diseases, Dr. Abraham Van Helsing. Van Helsing is convinced that Dracula is a vampire and that they must destroy him before he gets to Mina next.Dracula: Dead and Loving It may be a bit silly at times, but seriously, you can't help but laugh. It's certainly a lot better then most spoof movies today. How could you not love Leslie Nielson as Dracula? He was so hilarious, but who truly stole the show? Peter MacNicol as Reinfield, I can't tell you how hard he made me laugh, if one laugh supposedly makes you loose 3 calories, I think I lost 15,000 calories with just his scenes. Reinfield being seduced by Dracula's brides, him trying to save Dracula's coffin on the ship from hitting the walls back and forth, him sneaking under Lucy's bed sheets to peak at her, to the ending, actually every scene with him is non stop laughs. I don't care what people think, I'm not comparing, I think this is a very funny movie and is just a blast to watch, if you don't laugh while watching this movie, you're not invited to my parties, you party pooper! 8/10", 'This Dracula spoof has many original laughs along the way. After all the recent Vampire movies it\'s even more funny.Typical Mel Brooks humor is laugh out loud and crude. The cast is good including Amy Yasbeck as Mina and Leslie Nielsen as Dracula. Mel himself plays Van Helsing. Peter Macnicol is good too as Dracula\'s helper. Love the mock English accents and the way they pronounce "Lucy".It\'s not as original as Young Frankenstein or as ribald as History of the World but it\'s got enough laughs. Surprised to find out it had bad reviews and wasn\'t a hit. Definitely worth a watch. I am a Mel Brooks fan and this one is about in the middle of the range.', 'This was another entertaining Mel Brooks farce, a la Young Frankenstein and Blazing Saddles. If you liked those, you\'d like this.Peter MacNichol almost steals the show in this film as "Renfield." He just drives me buggy. Leslie Nielsen, who revived his career later in life playing goofy roles, also is very good, this time as \'Dracula." Actually, I thought he was far better in here than in those other spoofs, such as the "Naked Gun" series. It may be his best comedic role.The two women in here, Amy Yasback and Lysette Anthony, are beautiful, and well-endowed as Brooks - and a lot of us guys - likes \'em. They are in the film for their looks while the other two provide the laughs.Story-wise, it\'s just a light-hearted look at the story of Dracula, told many times in the films, mostly in the serious vein (pun intended) except for "Love At First Bite" which was similar in laughs to this. After watching this film, I could never look at garlic or blood the same way!When you need some good laughs and nothing else, this will fill the need for an hour-and-a-half.', 'I remember being an 11 year old boy in stitches with laughter when I first viewed this film on new release VCR (yeah, video - old school)!Having just watched this film again recently I have to say that it\'s still just as funny as it was as a child. The film of course is a parody on the \'Dracula" mythos and the jokes and gags are much better understood if you\'ve watched films such as "Bram Stoker\'s: Dracula" which I can\'t watch seriously anymore cos\' I constantly think of this film in certain scenes and start laughing! The cast is brilliant in their roles especially Leslie Neilsen as "Dracula" and his brain-washed slave "Renfield" (Peter MacNicol) portraying an insane, insect eating madman extraordinarily well!The humour is all in the typical Mel Brooks \'tongue-in-cheek\' style and also quite reminiscent of Monty Python in parts, the over-the-top British accents may attribute to that part.The final film directed by Mel Brooks, "Dracula Dead and Loving It" is very entertaining and the mindless humour make for a very enjoyable spoof movie!Highly recommended : )', 'While this skewering of the Dracula mythology and the various cinematic interpretations of the story never achieves the kind of crazy heights of "Blazing Saddles" or "Young Frankenstein", it still shows that Brooks still had it in him to come up with some great, gut busting scenes. Being a genuine horror fan as well as a comedy legend, he and his team of collaborators do go to great lengths to give this film the proper look, and it\'s a colourful, stylish looking movie, going with the idea that the composer wasn\'t in on the joke and featuring a score by Hummie Mann that\'s full of foreboding. Leslie Nielsen is the pratfalling prince of darkness who is set up quite well early on when he comments on the "Children of the Night" and "the mess they make" - and then promptly slips in such a mess. He\'s a delight as always, with wonderful support by a bunch of actors who mug for all they\'re worth, especially Peter MacNicol as the loony, bug munching Renfield and veteran Brooks colleague Harvey Korman, who in his performance as Dr. Seward, does an amusing impression of the actor Nigel Bruce. Brooks himself, in fine hammy form, plays the part of the intrepid Van Helsing. Lysette Anthony and Amy Yasbeck are both quite ravishing as Lucy and Mina respectively, with Steven Weber as a prudish and uptight Jonathan Harker, and Mark Blankfield, Megan Cavanagh, and Clive Revill doing well in smaller roles. Cameos include Avery Schreiber, Chuck McCann, co-screenwriter Rudy De Luca, Charlie Callas, and the wonderful Anne Bancroft paying tribute to Maria Ouspenskaya in her brief bit. Standout scenes include the staking of Lucy (Van Helsing stays well out of the way for good reason), the breakfast sequence with MacNicol and Korman, which is particularly priceless, and the scene where Dracula is trying to manipulate both Mina and Essie and not having much success. A snappily paced movie leading to a fairly big finish, "Dracula: Dead and Loving It" is good entertainment as Brooks comedies go, and even gives its principal cast members the kind of "curtain call" at the end that we don\'t see in movies that often. Seven out of 10.', "Renfield set out to find Count Dracula in Transylvania, and it was immediately clear from people's reactions that this would be a funny movie. Eventually, Renfield and Dracula ended up on a ship, and in England, Dracula began causing problems for Dr. Seward, the man running an asylum, and his daughters. Renfield was apparently Dracula's servant by this time. Dr. Van Helsing was called in to find out what was going on.I like this kind of comedy. It wasn't 'Naked Gun' or 'Airplane!' but Leslie Nielsen, Harvey Korman and Mel Brooks were very good given the material. I didn't care for the blood and gore, but sometimes the gore was not violent, just silly. Some highlights:When one hypnotizes someone, that person must be sure that when he says to forget everything you've been told by the hypnotist, that this applies only after you have done what the hypnotist said to do. Dracula did not.Dracula hypnotized Mina and Essie at the same time.One person who turned into a vampire had to be killed for good with a stake.I'm not saying whether this was accomplished, only that the attempt was hilarious.'Oh, yes, we have Nosferatu.'Dracula danced in front of a mirror. Great special effects, good choreography since the partner had to know what to do alone.", '"Dracula: Dead and Loving It" is a movie that seems to define what someone either really likes or dislikes about a comedy, and more specifically a parody: gags.  For me, the gags herein worked, there were reasons for their having been used and therefore makes it funny to me.  The storyline didn\'t stall, the gags weren\'t desperate for laughs, and the acting was exactly what was needed: the comedic touch.  The casting choice to have Steven Weber and Amy Yasbeck, both veterans of the TV series "Wings", was brilliant because the chemistry between their personalities was proven and honed before the movie.  The choice of Leslie Nielsen for the titular role was dead-on.  Someone that has the wisdom of centuries (decades, whatever), is cunning (a la the Naked Gun series), and above all, never gives up (until turned to dust).  Mel Brooks, having proved his comedic prowess with films like "Young Frankenstein", comes through in the role of Van Helsing.  Even the incidental characters seem to have a reason to belong and flow in the movie, like Essie, the guardian of Mina, or Martin, Dr. Seward\'s right-hand man of the sanitarium...Martin:  "...the patient in the west wing?  He\'s havin\' a conniption fit."Dr. Seward:  "Oh.  Give him an enima."As stated, the movie will most likely be quite funny or very dull, depending on what the viewer expects from it beforehand.  Being that I like a good slapstick comedy (and I do), the performances above all are what were able to pull me in.FOOSH-TAA!"Dracula: Dead and Loving It" gets 9 of 10 stars', "Mel Brooks's scattergun approach to comedy has a number of misses. Spaceballs was OK at parodying its genre. This film is far more sophisticated and well played.The successful jokes are on the culture of Victorain times with references to an engaged couple who after 10 years have suddenly held hands being condemned as immoral, prostitutes, lechers and the like. Into these cultural and successful observations Brook's introduces Leslie Nielson doing a great impression of Bela Lugosi's Dracula with the difference that his powers are incompetent.Seeing the Lugosi movie will give you the basis to appreciate the sophistication of this film.", 'This comedy followed the Bram Stoker book very closely. It merely turned the whole tale into a hilarious romp, making fun of Dracula and his inept sidekick, Renfield, as well as the other characters. A lot of slapstick gags in this film, some I saw coming from a mile off, but I still got a kick out of them. I especially liked the scene where Van Helsing and Harker staked the vampire in the tomb - what a riot. Neilson was great as the troubled bloodsucker.']["Mel Brooks, one of my favorite directors of all time, he's delivered some of the most memorable comedies: Young Frankenstein, Spaceballs, The Producers, High Anxiety, Blazing Saddles, Robin Hood: Men in Tights. He now brings us Dracula: Dead and Loving it, one of my favorite guilty pleasures. I know there is a bit of hate for this movie because a lot of people say that Mel lost his touch and this isn't as funny as his older films. Let's face it, Mel peeked pretty early in his career with Young Frankenstein, which is one of my favorite films of all time, but everyone is naturally going to compare every film that he made at that point with his greatest movies. But if you seriously are telling me that there was not one scene that you didn't laugh at then you need your funny bone checked.The year is 1893, solicitor Thomas Renfield travels all the way from London to Transylvania to meet an important client. As he nears the end of his journey, the sun sets, and the stagecoach driver refuses to take him any further. Kindly villagers plead with him to turn back, but Renfield explains that he is expected. Renfield arrives safely and meets Count Dracula, a charming but rather strange man who is, of course, a vampire. Dracula signs the papers finalizing the purchase of Carfax Abbey in England, and Renfield retires for the night. He wakes up when two Brides of Dracula come gliding seductively in. Dracula then casts a hypnotic spell on the suggestible Renfield, making him his slave. Dracula and Renfield soon embark for England. He goes ashore, leaving Renfield behind. When Renfield is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum. Dracula introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward, owner of the asylum where Renfield is being held, and a believer in enemas as a sovereign remedy for mental illness; Seward's assistant, Jonathan Harker; Seward's beautiful daughter Mina; and Seward's ward, the equally pretty Lucy. Dracula flirts with Lucy and, later that night, he feeds on her blood. The next day, Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in an expert on obscure diseases, Dr. Abraham Van Helsing. Van Helsing is convinced that Dracula is a vampire and that they must destroy him before he gets to Mina next.Dracula: Dead and Loving It may be a bit silly at times, but seriously, you can't help but laugh. It's certainly a lot better then most spoof movies today. How could you not love Leslie Nielson as Dracula? He was so hilarious, but who truly stole the show? Peter MacNicol as Reinfield, I can't tell you how hard he made me laugh, if one laugh supposedly makes you loose 3 calories, I think I lost 15,000 calories with just his scenes. Reinfield being seduced by Dracula's brides, him trying to save Dracula's coffin on the ship from hitting the walls back and forth, him sneaking under Lucy's bed sheets to peak at her, to the ending, actually every scene with him is non stop laughs. I don't care what people think, I'm not comparing, I think this is a very funny movie and is just a blast to watch, if you don't laugh while watching this movie, you're not invited to my parties, you party pooper! 8/10", 'This Dracula spoof has many original laughs along the way. After all the recent Vampire movies it\'s even more funny.Typical Mel Brooks humor is laugh out loud and crude. The cast is good including Amy Yasbeck as Mina and Leslie Nielsen as Dracula. Mel himself plays Van Helsing. Peter Macnicol is good too as Dracula\'s helper. Love the mock English accents and the way they pronounce "Lucy".It\'s not as original as Young Frankenstein or as ribald as History of the World but it\'s got enough laughs. Surprised to find out it had bad reviews and wasn\'t a hit. Definitely worth a watch. I am a Mel Brooks fan and this one is about in the middle of the range.', 'This was another entertaining Mel Brooks farce, a la Young Frankenstein and Blazing Saddles. If you liked those, you\'d like this.Peter MacNichol almost steals the show in this film as "Renfield." He just drives me buggy. Leslie Nielsen, who revived his career later in life playing goofy roles, also is very good, this time as \'Dracula." Actually, I thought he was far better in here than in those other spoofs, such as the "Naked Gun" series. It may be his best comedic role.The two women in here, Amy Yasback and Lysette Anthony, are beautiful, and well-endowed as Brooks - and a lot of us guys - likes \'em. They are in the film for their looks while the other two provide the laughs.Story-wise, it\'s just a light-hearted look at the story of Dracula, told many times in the films, mostly in the serious vein (pun intended) except for "Love At First Bite" which was similar in laughs to this. After watching this film, I could never look at garlic or blood the same way!When you need some good laughs and nothing else, this will fill the need for an hour-and-a-half.', 'I remember being an 11 year old boy in stitches with laughter when I first viewed this film on new release VCR (yeah, video - old school)!Having just watched this film again recently I have to say that it\'s still just as funny as it was as a child. The film of course is a parody on the \'Dracula" mythos and the jokes and gags are much better understood if you\'ve watched films such as "Bram Stoker\'s: Dracula" which I can\'t watch seriously anymore cos\' I constantly think of this film in certain scenes and start laughing! The cast is brilliant in their roles especially Leslie Neilsen as "Dracula" and his brain-washed slave "Renfield" (Peter MacNicol) portraying an insane, insect eating madman extraordinarily well!The humour is all in the typical Mel Brooks \'tongue-in-cheek\' style and also quite reminiscent of Monty Python in parts, the over-the-top British accents may attribute to that part.The final film directed by Mel Brooks, "Dracula Dead and Loving It" is very entertaining and the mindless humour make for a very enjoyable spoof movie!Highly recommended : )', 'While this skewering of the Dracula mythology and the various cinematic interpretations of the story never achieves the kind of crazy heights of "Blazing Saddles" or "Young Frankenstein", it still shows that Brooks still had it in him to come up with some great, gut busting scenes. Being a genuine horror fan as well as a comedy legend, he and his team of collaborators do go to great lengths to give this film the proper look, and it\'s a colourful, stylish looking movie, going with the idea that the composer wasn\'t in on the joke and featuring a score by Hummie Mann that\'s full of foreboding. Leslie Nielsen is the pratfalling prince of darkness who is set up quite well early on when he comments on the "Children of the Night" and "the mess they make" - and then promptly slips in such a mess. He\'s a delight as always, with wonderful support by a bunch of actors who mug for all they\'re worth, especially Peter MacNicol as the loony, bug munching Renfield and veteran Brooks colleague Harvey Korman, who in his performance as Dr. Seward, does an amusing impression of the actor Nigel Bruce. Brooks himself, in fine hammy form, plays the part of the intrepid Van Helsing. Lysette Anthony and Amy Yasbeck are both quite ravishing as Lucy and Mina respectively, with Steven Weber as a prudish and uptight Jonathan Harker, and Mark Blankfield, Megan Cavanagh, and Clive Revill doing well in smaller roles. Cameos include Avery Schreiber, Chuck McCann, co-screenwriter Rudy De Luca, Charlie Callas, and the wonderful Anne Bancroft paying tribute to Maria Ouspenskaya in her brief bit. Standout scenes include the staking of Lucy (Van Helsing stays well out of the way for good reason), the breakfast sequence with MacNicol and Korman, which is particularly priceless, and the scene where Dracula is trying to manipulate both Mina and Essie and not having much success. A snappily paced movie leading to a fairly big finish, "Dracula: Dead and Loving It" is good entertainment as Brooks comedies go, and even gives its principal cast members the kind of "curtain call" at the end that we don\'t see in movies that often. Seven out of 10.', "Renfield set out to find Count Dracula in Transylvania, and it was immediately clear from people's reactions that this would be a funny movie. Eventually, Renfield and Dracula ended up on a ship, and in England, Dracula began causing problems for Dr. Seward, the man running an asylum, and his daughters. Renfield was apparently Dracula's servant by this time. Dr. Van Helsing was called in to find out what was going on.I like this kind of comedy. It wasn't 'Naked Gun' or 'Airplane!' but Leslie Nielsen, Harvey Korman and Mel Brooks were very good given the material. I didn't care for the blood and gore, but sometimes the gore was not violent, just silly. Some highlights:When one hypnotizes someone, that person must be sure that when he says to forget everything you've been told by the hypnotist, that this applies only after you have done what the hypnotist said to do. Dracula did not.Dracula hypnotized Mina and Essie at the same time.One person who turned into a vampire had to be killed for good with a stake.I'm not saying whether this was accomplished, only that the attempt was hilarious.'Oh, yes, we have Nosferatu.'Dracula danced in front of a mirror. Great special effects, good choreography since the partner had to know what to do alone.", '"Dracula: Dead and Loving It" is a movie that seems to define what someone either really likes or dislikes about a comedy, and more specifically a parody: gags.  For me, the gags herein worked, there were reasons for their having been used and therefore makes it funny to me.  The storyline didn\'t stall, the gags weren\'t desperate for laughs, and the acting was exactly what was needed: the comedic touch.  The casting choice to have Steven Weber and Amy Yasbeck, both veterans of the TV series "Wings", was brilliant because the chemistry between their personalities was proven and honed before the movie.  The choice of Leslie Nielsen for the titular role was dead-on.  Someone that has the wisdom of centuries (decades, whatever), is cunning (a la the Naked Gun series), and above all, never gives up (until turned to dust).  Mel Brooks, having proved his comedic prowess with films like "Young Frankenstein", comes through in the role of Van Helsing.  Even the incidental characters seem to have a reason to belong and flow in the movie, like Essie, the guardian of Mina, or Martin, Dr. Seward\'s right-hand man of the sanitarium...Martin:  "...the patient in the west wing?  He\'s havin\' a conniption fit."Dr. Seward:  "Oh.  Give him an enima."As stated, the movie will most likely be quite funny or very dull, depending on what the viewer expects from it beforehand.  Being that I like a good slapstick comedy (and I do), the performances above all are what were able to pull me in.FOOSH-TAA!"Dracula: Dead and Loving It" gets 9 of 10 stars', "Mel Brooks's scattergun approach to comedy has a number of misses. Spaceballs was OK at parodying its genre. This film is far more sophisticated and well played.The successful jokes are on the culture of Victorain times with references to an engaged couple who after 10 years have suddenly held hands being condemned as immoral, prostitutes, lechers and the like. Into these cultural and successful observations Brook's introduces Leslie Nielson doing a great impression of Bela Lugosi's Dracula with the difference that his powers are incompetent.Seeing the Lugosi movie will give you the basis to appreciate the sophistication of this film.", 'This comedy followed the Bram Stoker book very closely. It merely turned the whole tale into a hilarious romp, making fun of Dracula and his inept sidekick, Renfield, as well as the other characters. A lot of slapstick gags in this film, some I saw coming from a mile off, but I still got a kick out of them. I especially liked the scene where Van Helsing and Harker staked the vampire in the tomb - what a riot. Neilson was great as the troubled bloodsucker.']