["Andy's toys live a reasonable life of fun and peace, their only worries are birthdays and Christmases, when new toys could easily replace those already there.  One such birthday Andy's top toy, Woody the cowboy, finds himself in direct competition with Andy's new Buzz Lightyear doll.  When rivalries boil over Woody tries to hide Buzz down the side of the bed but accidentally pushes him out the window, the other tops expel Woody, and he leaves with no choice but to find Buzz and return him to the house.  But with only two days before Andy moves house, time is of the essence.Given how often the same mix of animation, wit, jokes and kids humour has been used since Toy Story (Ice Age, Monsters Inc, Bugs Life) it is easy to forget how refreshing it was when it first came out.  I have just watched it again and it is dating a little in comparison to more recent twists on the formula.  It seems each one has to be sharper and have more references etc in the background.  However it is still very funny and deserves praise for being the first of a successful formula.The plot is simple but effective and actually has genuine drama and excitement to it.  The main story is fun but the degree of character development is what really shores it up.  The conflict between Buzz and Woody is taken deeper than this and, when confronted by the truth of his status as a toy, Buzz's turmoil is very real as opposed to him being a cartoon character and nothing more.  Despite the two strong leads there is a real depth in the support cast.  They may not actually have that many lines, but they have all the funniest lines.  Most of the `adult' wit comes from the Potato Head, dinosaur, the pig and slinky dog.  They are funny and are very well used.  In fact the majority of this humour and plot will go right over kids heads.Looking back on it, I do feel a cynical edge on it in so much as this film must really have helped sales of the toy companies in the film.  It's hard not to see the marketing department standing behind this film rubbing their hands.  However the actual product is so wonderfully fun that I forgot this quickly.  The voice work is excellent and the characters match the actors. Hanks is good as Woody and Allen has a good B-movie type voice for Buzz. Varney, Ratzenberger, Ermey (doing his usual), Rickles and others are all really good in the support roles and, probably, come out as the favourite characters for adults.Overall this is a classic film that will appeal to adults as much as to kids (if not more).  A good plot and a really sharp script make the already short running time fly by.  The only downside is that your kids will want you to go out and buy the damn things!", 'This is a very clever animated story that was a big hit, and justifiably so. It had a terrific sequel and if a third film came out, that would probably be a hit, too.When this came out, computer technology just was beginning to strut its stuff. Man, this looked awesome. Now, it\'s routine because animation, which took a giant leap with this movie, has made a lot more giant strides.The humor in here, however, is what made this so popular. There are tons of funny lines, issued by characters voiced by Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Jim Varney, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn and John Ratzenberger, among others. As good as Hanks is as "Woody" and Allen as "Buzz Armstrong," I think the supporting characters just about stole the show: Mr. Potato Head, Slinky, Rex the dinosaur, etc.Multiple viewings don\'t diminish the entertainment, either. There are so many things to catch, audibly and visually, that you always seem to discover something new. The colors in here are beautiful, too. This is a guaranteed "winner" as is the sequel.', 'I am a big fan of the animated movies coming from the Pixar Studios. They are always looking for the newest technological possibilities to use in their movies, creating movies that are more than just worth a watch, even when they were made a decade ago.The movie is about toys that come to life when their owner is asleep or not in the same room. When the young boy\'s birthday is coming up, all the toys are nervous. They don\'t want to be ignored when the new one arrives. Woody the cowboy is their "leader" because he\'s the most popular one of them all. He\'s the only one that hasn\'t got to be afraid, but than a new favorite arrives ... Buzz Lightyear. He hates him and tries everything possible to get rid of him, but as the time passes by they learn to appreciate each other...When you see Toy Story, you may think that the different human like characters (Woody the cowboy for instance) aren\'t always as perfect as we are used to see in todays animated movies. Perhaps that\'s true, but if you keep in mind that all this was done in 1995, when computers weren\'t yet as strong and the technology for creating such movies was almost unknown, than you can only have a lot of respect for what the creators did. I loved the story and liked the animations a lot. I give it an 8.5/10.', 'What a wonderful integration of classic toys and a superb plot. It\'s a new height in animation (though things have gotten even more impressive long since). The voicings of Tim Allen as Buzz and Tom Hanks as Woody, with their inherent connection to their toy beings, with an incredible supporting cast, make this a romp to end all romps. There is a strain between the realities of the world and the fact that even though they are sentient beings, they are still toys. Buzz has lights that flash but he can\'t really fly. Woody has the ludicrous string on his back that allows him to deliver his catch phrases. Then there is the neighborhood villain, Sid, who is a maimer and destroyer of toys. There is the quest for the mishandled and lost. And a finale that is worthy of everything that has been set up. What really makes this work is the "humanity" of the characters. There is love and a true connection among them. If you have never seen this, it is worth every minute.', "Toy Story – 5/5 starsChildren play with toys. It is a known fact. At one time or another, we all played with toys, whether they were action figures, dolls, little green soldiers, etc\x85 But what if toys were real? What if they could talk?Pixar and Disney serve us this theory in what was the first full-length computer-animated film ever, 'Toy Story,' chronicling the events in the life of a cowboy doll, Woody (voiced by Tom Hanks).Woody is the favorite toy of his owner, a small child named Andy. Andy brings Woody everywhere, and cherishes him, as we see in the beginning of the film. However, this all changes on Andy's birthday when Andy gets a new toy: a Buzz Lightyear doll (voiced by Tim Allen). Woody is suddenly forgotten, left with the rest of his friends: Mr. Potato Head (Don Rickles), Rex (Wallace Shawn), Slinky Dog (Jim Varney, better known as Ernest) and Ham (see if you can guess the voice of this one? I'll give you a hint: 'Cheers'). But after Buzz accidentally gets knocked out an upstairs window, Woody is the prime suspect. Now, after Woody and Buzz end up next door, in toy killer Sid's house, Woody must prove his innocence by getting both Buzz and him back to Andy's house safely.'Toy Story' builds on an element we all shrug off carelessly and thoughtlessly. Much like they did last year with monsters under the bed, Pixar took the theory of live toys to a new level in 'Toy Story,' filling our minds with endless possibilities.What Pixar does is a strange thing. It doesn't just try to expand our mind, but also out world. I respect and enjoy that. In 'Monsters, Inc.,' Pixar managed to preach to us 'What if monsters under the bed are real, and what if they have a world much like ours, and have feelings like humans,' while never forgetting the equally important formula of humor. Much is the same with their earlier film 'Toy Story.' What if those wooden and plastic toys we all played with as kids are real? What if they have feelings, emotions, voices, and human qualities? An interesting idea by itself, but when mixed with a wicked sense of humor and reality, you've got yourself one of the best films ever.Tom Hanks is perfect as Woody. Pixar must have modeled the doll's expressions and movements after Hanks, because after a while, I feel like I AM watching Hanks on screen, and NOT a computer-generated image. When you get to the point of not being able to tell animation from reality, you know that the voices are good.The same goes for Tim Allen, though the body gestures were most likely not modeled after Allen's physical expressions (Buzz is a short, pot-bellied toy).The rest of the cast is excellent, all very believable and entertaining. You begin to love each character for their distinguishing traits, and that is always refreshing.I can safely say that I have not enjoyed animated films quite so much over the years as I have enjoyed Pixar films. The only film they made that I named forgettable was 'A Bug's Life,' which was in and of it not horrible, but lacking the sense of humor the other Pixar films have and had.Pixar makes very refreshing films. In an era of cheap, made-for-video Disney sequels, rip-off cartoons and television babysitters (i.e. 'The Jungle Book 2), Pixar holds true to the values that made Disney films so entertaining back in the 30's-60's: Respect for the audience's intelligence, humor, provocative ideas to base the film upon, and respect for the audience (not the exact same thing as the first element), all of which are forgotten in this day and age of money-makers. I respect Pixar very much, and after hearing how little Disney does in helping with their films, I feel that Disney is just trying to cash in on their ideas by having their name branded on the posters for Pixar films. Shame on you, Disney. Proof that Disney has no respect for audiences is the fact that they will not let another sequel be made – something that fans like me would rather have than something like 'Finding Nemo.''Toy Story' 1 & 2 are both on my 'favorite films' list. It may sound stupid, but if I made up a top 250 list like IMDb.com, both of those films would be on there; so would 'Monsters Inc.' After an unpromising trailer for Pixar's upcoming film 'Finding Nemo,' I think that after their licensing deal with Disney is disputed (they have to cough up five more ORIGINAL films – not sequels – by 2005), they should definitely try to make a 'Toy Story 3.' I'll be first in line for it, anyway.", "Toy Story is a sheer delight to view on the screen.  The characters are well done, the plot is exceptional, and the best thing of all, the film is entirely produced on the computer.  The animation is extraordinary in it's ability to bring such great entertainment to the screen.  The film also teaches some good lessons for the kids like friendship (mainly between Woody and Buzz Light-year).  Spectacular entertainment all around and one of the best films Disney has come with.", 'This is as close to perfection as any animated film has come, entertained parents on a equal plane with their children, and set the bar to the top of the animation film industry. No film has yet come close to Toy Story in legitimizing animation as a film art on the level of movies with live actors. Great comedies are hard to come by - Toy Story strikes gold on that basis alone, but is so much more. One of the Top 100 Greatest Films of All Time, and currently resides on my "Top 10 Greatest Comedy Films (1960-Present)" list.', '"I believe that a filmmaker\'s entire work is contained within his first film; not that it can all be foreseen, but that it can afterwards be verified." – Francois Truffaut (The Films In My Life) Buzz Lightyear, a glossy action figure with a sexy sheen, is not a mere toy. He\'s a Space Ranger, tasked with protecting the universe from the evil Emperor Zurg! His life has meaning, he is unique, his existence has grand purpose! Woody, a dated cowboy doll, thinks otherwise. He was once a youthful and exuberant toy, the favourite plaything of his owner Andy, but years of existence have shown him the truth: everyone is just a toy, soon to be forgotten and discarded. No one is unique. There is no grand purpose. No universe to save. Better to be a realist, seeing the world without its fake plastic facade and tacky ipod veneer.Of course Buzz thinks Woody is just a crazy old timer. Doesn\'t Woody realise that Buzz is a genuine Space Ranger?! That he\'s a member of the Elite Universe Protection Unit! That he alone has information that reveals Emperor Zurg\'s weakness! That stupid fool! Naturally, we the audience identify with Woody. Buzz seems like an idiot, brainwashed and in desperate need of identity and purpose. The Elite Universe Protection Unit merely elevates believers into a position of exaggerated importance. This is an idle fantasy, an other-worldly hope adopted by those who can\'t face the dour reality that is the "real world of toys".Midway in the film, our heroes stumble across a horde of green alien toys. These aliens worship a giant claw, a mechanical God which they believe will descend and pluck the "chosen ones", taking them to some kind of toy heaven. In reality, the claw chooses only deluded souls, and offers them to the devilish Cid Phillips, a sadistic child who mutilates toys. "Nirvana is coming!" the aliens whisper, watching as the "chosen ones" are airlifted to their deaths.Buzz Lightyear faces a similar scenario later in the film. Having witnessed a television commercial which advertises a vast range of Buzz Lightyear action figures, Buzz must confront the fact that he really is "just an ordinary toy" who "can not fly". "Flying" thus becomes a sort of Nietzschean metaphor, the ability to transcend the "flesh" (in this case, injection moulded plastic) and become "something more".Buzz\'s first reaction upon seeing the commercial is to seek refuge in denial. "I am not a toy!" he says to himself, before climbing to the top of a staircase. Seeking to validate himself by flying, by defying the laws of toy-dom, he takes a giant jump – a literal leap of faith – and of course falls promptly to the ground. He can\'t fly.Cue the fastest existential crisis ever seen in a children\'s film, Buzz Lightyear promptly falling into a deep depression, his faith completely destroyed. His entire existence was based on a lie, a social framework which indoctrinated him into believing that the fate of the whole universe depended on his actions. How can he continue living? Why do anything? What\'s the point? And more importantly, how the hell did this become a kid\'s franchise? It\'s like a demented cartoon by Philip K. Dick ("Do Plastic Toys Dream of Suicide Switches?").Then comes the message of the film. Woody tells Buzz that being a Space Ranger doesn\'t define who he is. His value, status and worth can only be found within the community of toys, on ground level, and not "up in the skies". There is no purpose beyond ground zero and our importance lies solely in our ability to bring good to those immediately around us.Buzz heeds Woody\'s words and quickly gets over his loss of faith. He stages a daring rescue mission, straps a rocket to his back and flies spectacularly in the air, his newfound love for the "greater good of his family" quite literally giving him wings.In true Zarathustran fashion, Buzz becomes a pint sized Ubermensch figure, a superman who reaches for the sky but is then brought depressingly back down to Earth. If he would just lower his sights, Woody then says, Buzz would find enough reasons to live. Set free of the "moral code" imprinted on him by his makers, Buzz thus adopts a new code which, though it puts limits upon him, negating some of his wild ambitions and reducing him, in an existential sense, to a chunk of plastic, still allows for a Nietzschean war cry. This cry, which Buzz yells every time he jumps across that dark abyss, sums up humanity best: "To Infinity and Beyond!" 8.9/10 – With its revolutionary visuals, consistent humour, genuine sense of adventure, memorable characters, slick camera work and a couple action/adventure scenes worthy of George Lucas, "Toy Story" is a milestone in cinema, and one of the most influential animated films since "Snow White".Most interesting, though, is in observing how Brad Bird reverses Lasseter\'s themes here with his first Pixar feature, "The Incredibles". Brad Bird seems to be the bad boy of Pixar, subverting them from within. Viva la Resistance. Worth multiple viewings.', 'Y\'know, I always suspected that my toys were coming to life when I wasn\'t looking! In Andy\'s Room, his toys lead lives of noisy desperation come every birthday and Christmas - no one wants to be one-upped by a new addition to the toy box. Nominally led by Cowboy Woody (there\'s a Brokeback joke in there just waiting to happen), Mr. Potato Head, Rex the Dinosaur, Ham the piggybank, Bo Peep, Slinky the dog and a smattering of other playthings go about their toy business of playing checkers, hanging with the hometoys and "plastic corrosion awareness meetings," until Andy\'s birthday party, when they gather expectantly around a transistor radio, listening to the reports of their toy soldier troops "in the field" (downstairs watching Andy\'s gift-opening), hoping that no gift will be exciting enough to cause Andy to neglect *them.* There is. His name is Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger.Directed by Pixar mainstay John Lasseter, with the voice talents of Tom Hanks (as Woody), Don Rickles, John Ratzenberger (forever Cliff from *Cheers*), R. Lee Ermey, Annie Potts, Jim Varney and Tim Allen (as Buzz), *Toy Story* is that *rara avis* that succeeds on all levels \x96 in its animation, storyline, character development, its messages of friendship and self-realization and, most importantly, its entertainment value. The fact that this is a cartoon (or animated feature \x96 just what DO we call this new wave of computer-generated movies?) is incidental. Which makes the slightly dodgy animation (of the "real people") irrelevant - it gets the point across with or without the technological finesse.The "Disney Movie" has become synonymous with maudlin messages, redneck fundamentalism, anachronistic family values, boneheaded parents, smart-mouthing youngsters, too-hip-to-be-smart teens and insufferable pets. Though Disney\'s tyrannical umbrella overarches this film\'s production studio, Pixar Animation, *Toy Story* somehow avoided all trace of Disney\'s craven hand, which is doubly surprising, considering this is Pixar\'s first feature length film, after years of experimentation. Right outa the gate and right outa the field.Sure, there are "messages," but they are heartfelt, rather than maudlin (Woody tells Buzz during Buzz\'s greatest depression that it matters not what Buzz thinks of himself, what makes him important is what his owner, Andy, thinks of him); there are emotional segments, which are truly heartbreaking, rather than cheesy (when Buzz\'s escape attempt lands him with a broken arm, proving he is Not A Flying Toy, the lyric, "Clearly I will go sailing no more," launches a thousand hankies); and the portrayal of Andy\'s family was Pixar\'s triumphal achievement. Boldly contravening Disney\'s *idée fixe* of the 1950\'s nuclear family and Norman Rockwell fantasies, one of the many incarnations of a modern-day family is presented: a single mother with two kids, who are neither geniuses nor monsters, just normal children; happy to visit Pizza Planet and disappointed when favorite toys are lost.Buzz \x96 who believes he is a real life space ranger on a mission to save the universe - become Andy\'s favorite toy over Woody. The funny thing is: though Buzz believes he is real, he still adheres to toy protocol of "playing inert" when humans are in the area. (Maybe it\'s instinct?) When he mentions saving a toy from Sid, the vicious boy next door, how does he propose to do it if he is to adhere to the inert protocol? Buzz\'s ingenuousness regarding his role as a toy infuriates Woody to the point of attempted toy-assassination. Through a concatenation of accidents, both he and Buzz become lost and must use teamwork, trust and ingenuity to beat their path back to Andy, which finds them ensconced in scorchingly funny vignettes (Buzz fastening himself in an over-sized seatbelt; both falling in with green, three-eyed aliens; Buzz hyperventilating as "Mrs. Nesbitt"). During a climactic rocket ride, the callback line, "This is not flying - this is falling with style," simply seals this movie\'s greatness.At least I now have a plausible explanation as to why my toys always got lost: after going about their toy business, they would just go inert anywhere they happened to be, instead of paying attention to their master\'s infallible toy filing system\x85.']["Andy's toys live a reasonable life of fun and peace, their only worries are birthdays and Christmases, when new toys could easily replace those already there.  One such birthday Andy's top toy, Woody the cowboy, finds himself in direct competition with Andy's new Buzz Lightyear doll.  When rivalries boil over Woody tries to hide Buzz down the side of the bed but accidentally pushes him out the window, the other tops expel Woody, and he leaves with no choice but to find Buzz and return him to the house.  But with only two days before Andy moves house, time is of the essence.Given how often the same mix of animation, wit, jokes and kids humour has been used since Toy Story (Ice Age, Monsters Inc, Bugs Life) it is easy to forget how refreshing it was when it first came out.  I have just watched it again and it is dating a little in comparison to more recent twists on the formula.  It seems each one has to be sharper and have more references etc in the background.  However it is still very funny and deserves praise for being the first of a successful formula.The plot is simple but effective and actually has genuine drama and excitement to it.  The main story is fun but the degree of character development is what really shores it up.  The conflict between Buzz and Woody is taken deeper than this and, when confronted by the truth of his status as a toy, Buzz's turmoil is very real as opposed to him being a cartoon character and nothing more.  Despite the two strong leads there is a real depth in the support cast.  They may not actually have that many lines, but they have all the funniest lines.  Most of the `adult' wit comes from the Potato Head, dinosaur, the pig and slinky dog.  They are funny and are very well used.  In fact the majority of this humour and plot will go right over kids heads.Looking back on it, I do feel a cynical edge on it in so much as this film must really have helped sales of the toy companies in the film.  It's hard not to see the marketing department standing behind this film rubbing their hands.  However the actual product is so wonderfully fun that I forgot this quickly.  The voice work is excellent and the characters match the actors. Hanks is good as Woody and Allen has a good B-movie type voice for Buzz. Varney, Ratzenberger, Ermey (doing his usual), Rickles and others are all really good in the support roles and, probably, come out as the favourite characters for adults.Overall this is a classic film that will appeal to adults as much as to kids (if not more).  A good plot and a really sharp script make the already short running time fly by.  The only downside is that your kids will want you to go out and buy the damn things!", 'This is a very clever animated story that was a big hit, and justifiably so. It had a terrific sequel and if a third film came out, that would probably be a hit, too.When this came out, computer technology just was beginning to strut its stuff. Man, this looked awesome. Now, it\'s routine because animation, which took a giant leap with this movie, has made a lot more giant strides.The humor in here, however, is what made this so popular. There are tons of funny lines, issued by characters voiced by Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Jim Varney, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn and John Ratzenberger, among others. As good as Hanks is as "Woody" and Allen as "Buzz Armstrong," I think the supporting characters just about stole the show: Mr. Potato Head, Slinky, Rex the dinosaur, etc.Multiple viewings don\'t diminish the entertainment, either. There are so many things to catch, audibly and visually, that you always seem to discover something new. The colors in here are beautiful, too. This is a guaranteed "winner" as is the sequel.', 'I am a big fan of the animated movies coming from the Pixar Studios. They are always looking for the newest technological possibilities to use in their movies, creating movies that are more than just worth a watch, even when they were made a decade ago.The movie is about toys that come to life when their owner is asleep or not in the same room. When the young boy\'s birthday is coming up, all the toys are nervous. They don\'t want to be ignored when the new one arrives. Woody the cowboy is their "leader" because he\'s the most popular one of them all. He\'s the only one that hasn\'t got to be afraid, but than a new favorite arrives ... Buzz Lightyear. He hates him and tries everything possible to get rid of him, but as the time passes by they learn to appreciate each other...When you see Toy Story, you may think that the different human like characters (Woody the cowboy for instance) aren\'t always as perfect as we are used to see in todays animated movies. Perhaps that\'s true, but if you keep in mind that all this was done in 1995, when computers weren\'t yet as strong and the technology for creating such movies was almost unknown, than you can only have a lot of respect for what the creators did. I loved the story and liked the animations a lot. I give it an 8.5/10.', 'What a wonderful integration of classic toys and a superb plot. It\'s a new height in animation (though things have gotten even more impressive long since). The voicings of Tim Allen as Buzz and Tom Hanks as Woody, with their inherent connection to their toy beings, with an incredible supporting cast, make this a romp to end all romps. There is a strain between the realities of the world and the fact that even though they are sentient beings, they are still toys. Buzz has lights that flash but he can\'t really fly. Woody has the ludicrous string on his back that allows him to deliver his catch phrases. Then there is the neighborhood villain, Sid, who is a maimer and destroyer of toys. There is the quest for the mishandled and lost. And a finale that is worthy of everything that has been set up. What really makes this work is the "humanity" of the characters. There is love and a true connection among them. If you have never seen this, it is worth every minute.', "Toy Story – 5/5 starsChildren play with toys. It is a known fact. At one time or another, we all played with toys, whether they were action figures, dolls, little green soldiers, etc\x85 But what if toys were real? What if they could talk?Pixar and Disney serve us this theory in what was the first full-length computer-animated film ever, 'Toy Story,' chronicling the events in the life of a cowboy doll, Woody (voiced by Tom Hanks).Woody is the favorite toy of his owner, a small child named Andy. Andy brings Woody everywhere, and cherishes him, as we see in the beginning of the film. However, this all changes on Andy's birthday when Andy gets a new toy: a Buzz Lightyear doll (voiced by Tim Allen). Woody is suddenly forgotten, left with the rest of his friends: Mr. Potato Head (Don Rickles), Rex (Wallace Shawn), Slinky Dog (Jim Varney, better known as Ernest) and Ham (see if you can guess the voice of this one? I'll give you a hint: 'Cheers'). But after Buzz accidentally gets knocked out an upstairs window, Woody is the prime suspect. Now, after Woody and Buzz end up next door, in toy killer Sid's house, Woody must prove his innocence by getting both Buzz and him back to Andy's house safely.'Toy Story' builds on an element we all shrug off carelessly and thoughtlessly. Much like they did last year with monsters under the bed, Pixar took the theory of live toys to a new level in 'Toy Story,' filling our minds with endless possibilities.What Pixar does is a strange thing. It doesn't just try to expand our mind, but also out world. I respect and enjoy that. In 'Monsters, Inc.,' Pixar managed to preach to us 'What if monsters under the bed are real, and what if they have a world much like ours, and have feelings like humans,' while never forgetting the equally important formula of humor. Much is the same with their earlier film 'Toy Story.' What if those wooden and plastic toys we all played with as kids are real? What if they have feelings, emotions, voices, and human qualities? An interesting idea by itself, but when mixed with a wicked sense of humor and reality, you've got yourself one of the best films ever.Tom Hanks is perfect as Woody. Pixar must have modeled the doll's expressions and movements after Hanks, because after a while, I feel like I AM watching Hanks on screen, and NOT a computer-generated image. When you get to the point of not being able to tell animation from reality, you know that the voices are good.The same goes for Tim Allen, though the body gestures were most likely not modeled after Allen's physical expressions (Buzz is a short, pot-bellied toy).The rest of the cast is excellent, all very believable and entertaining. You begin to love each character for their distinguishing traits, and that is always refreshing.I can safely say that I have not enjoyed animated films quite so much over the years as I have enjoyed Pixar films. The only film they made that I named forgettable was 'A Bug's Life,' which was in and of it not horrible, but lacking the sense of humor the other Pixar films have and had.Pixar makes very refreshing films. In an era of cheap, made-for-video Disney sequels, rip-off cartoons and television babysitters (i.e. 'The Jungle Book 2), Pixar holds true to the values that made Disney films so entertaining back in the 30's-60's: Respect for the audience's intelligence, humor, provocative ideas to base the film upon, and respect for the audience (not the exact same thing as the first element), all of which are forgotten in this day and age of money-makers. I respect Pixar very much, and after hearing how little Disney does in helping with their films, I feel that Disney is just trying to cash in on their ideas by having their name branded on the posters for Pixar films. Shame on you, Disney. Proof that Disney has no respect for audiences is the fact that they will not let another sequel be made – something that fans like me would rather have than something like 'Finding Nemo.''Toy Story' 1 & 2 are both on my 'favorite films' list. It may sound stupid, but if I made up a top 250 list like IMDb.com, both of those films would be on there; so would 'Monsters Inc.' After an unpromising trailer for Pixar's upcoming film 'Finding Nemo,' I think that after their licensing deal with Disney is disputed (they have to cough up five more ORIGINAL films – not sequels – by 2005), they should definitely try to make a 'Toy Story 3.' I'll be first in line for it, anyway.", "Toy Story is a sheer delight to view on the screen.  The characters are well done, the plot is exceptional, and the best thing of all, the film is entirely produced on the computer.  The animation is extraordinary in it's ability to bring such great entertainment to the screen.  The film also teaches some good lessons for the kids like friendship (mainly between Woody and Buzz Light-year).  Spectacular entertainment all around and one of the best films Disney has come with.", 'This is as close to perfection as any animated film has come, entertained parents on a equal plane with their children, and set the bar to the top of the animation film industry. No film has yet come close to Toy Story in legitimizing animation as a film art on the level of movies with live actors. Great comedies are hard to come by - Toy Story strikes gold on that basis alone, but is so much more. One of the Top 100 Greatest Films of All Time, and currently resides on my "Top 10 Greatest Comedy Films (1960-Present)" list.', '"I believe that a filmmaker\'s entire work is contained within his first film; not that it can all be foreseen, but that it can afterwards be verified." – Francois Truffaut (The Films In My Life) Buzz Lightyear, a glossy action figure with a sexy sheen, is not a mere toy. He\'s a Space Ranger, tasked with protecting the universe from the evil Emperor Zurg! His life has meaning, he is unique, his existence has grand purpose! Woody, a dated cowboy doll, thinks otherwise. He was once a youthful and exuberant toy, the favourite plaything of his owner Andy, but years of existence have shown him the truth: everyone is just a toy, soon to be forgotten and discarded. No one is unique. There is no grand purpose. No universe to save. Better to be a realist, seeing the world without its fake plastic facade and tacky ipod veneer.Of course Buzz thinks Woody is just a crazy old timer. Doesn\'t Woody realise that Buzz is a genuine Space Ranger?! That he\'s a member of the Elite Universe Protection Unit! That he alone has information that reveals Emperor Zurg\'s weakness! That stupid fool! Naturally, we the audience identify with Woody. Buzz seems like an idiot, brainwashed and in desperate need of identity and purpose. The Elite Universe Protection Unit merely elevates believers into a position of exaggerated importance. This is an idle fantasy, an other-worldly hope adopted by those who can\'t face the dour reality that is the "real world of toys".Midway in the film, our heroes stumble across a horde of green alien toys. These aliens worship a giant claw, a mechanical God which they believe will descend and pluck the "chosen ones", taking them to some kind of toy heaven. In reality, the claw chooses only deluded souls, and offers them to the devilish Cid Phillips, a sadistic child who mutilates toys. "Nirvana is coming!" the aliens whisper, watching as the "chosen ones" are airlifted to their deaths.Buzz Lightyear faces a similar scenario later in the film. Having witnessed a television commercial which advertises a vast range of Buzz Lightyear action figures, Buzz must confront the fact that he really is "just an ordinary toy" who "can not fly". "Flying" thus becomes a sort of Nietzschean metaphor, the ability to transcend the "flesh" (in this case, injection moulded plastic) and become "something more".Buzz\'s first reaction upon seeing the commercial is to seek refuge in denial. "I am not a toy!" he says to himself, before climbing to the top of a staircase. Seeking to validate himself by flying, by defying the laws of toy-dom, he takes a giant jump – a literal leap of faith – and of course falls promptly to the ground. He can\'t fly.Cue the fastest existential crisis ever seen in a children\'s film, Buzz Lightyear promptly falling into a deep depression, his faith completely destroyed. His entire existence was based on a lie, a social framework which indoctrinated him into believing that the fate of the whole universe depended on his actions. How can he continue living? Why do anything? What\'s the point? And more importantly, how the hell did this become a kid\'s franchise? It\'s like a demented cartoon by Philip K. Dick ("Do Plastic Toys Dream of Suicide Switches?").Then comes the message of the film. Woody tells Buzz that being a Space Ranger doesn\'t define who he is. His value, status and worth can only be found within the community of toys, on ground level, and not "up in the skies". There is no purpose beyond ground zero and our importance lies solely in our ability to bring good to those immediately around us.Buzz heeds Woody\'s words and quickly gets over his loss of faith. He stages a daring rescue mission, straps a rocket to his back and flies spectacularly in the air, his newfound love for the "greater good of his family" quite literally giving him wings.In true Zarathustran fashion, Buzz becomes a pint sized Ubermensch figure, a superman who reaches for the sky but is then brought depressingly back down to Earth. If he would just lower his sights, Woody then says, Buzz would find enough reasons to live. Set free of the "moral code" imprinted on him by his makers, Buzz thus adopts a new code which, though it puts limits upon him, negating some of his wild ambitions and reducing him, in an existential sense, to a chunk of plastic, still allows for a Nietzschean war cry. This cry, which Buzz yells every time he jumps across that dark abyss, sums up humanity best: "To Infinity and Beyond!" 8.9/10 – With its revolutionary visuals, consistent humour, genuine sense of adventure, memorable characters, slick camera work and a couple action/adventure scenes worthy of George Lucas, "Toy Story" is a milestone in cinema, and one of the most influential animated films since "Snow White".Most interesting, though, is in observing how Brad Bird reverses Lasseter\'s themes here with his first Pixar feature, "The Incredibles". Brad Bird seems to be the bad boy of Pixar, subverting them from within. Viva la Resistance. Worth multiple viewings.', 'Y\'know, I always suspected that my toys were coming to life when I wasn\'t looking! In Andy\'s Room, his toys lead lives of noisy desperation come every birthday and Christmas - no one wants to be one-upped by a new addition to the toy box. Nominally led by Cowboy Woody (there\'s a Brokeback joke in there just waiting to happen), Mr. Potato Head, Rex the Dinosaur, Ham the piggybank, Bo Peep, Slinky the dog and a smattering of other playthings go about their toy business of playing checkers, hanging with the hometoys and "plastic corrosion awareness meetings," until Andy\'s birthday party, when they gather expectantly around a transistor radio, listening to the reports of their toy soldier troops "in the field" (downstairs watching Andy\'s gift-opening), hoping that no gift will be exciting enough to cause Andy to neglect *them.* There is. His name is Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger.Directed by Pixar mainstay John Lasseter, with the voice talents of Tom Hanks (as Woody), Don Rickles, John Ratzenberger (forever Cliff from *Cheers*), R. Lee Ermey, Annie Potts, Jim Varney and Tim Allen (as Buzz), *Toy Story* is that *rara avis* that succeeds on all levels \x96 in its animation, storyline, character development, its messages of friendship and self-realization and, most importantly, its entertainment value. The fact that this is a cartoon (or animated feature \x96 just what DO we call this new wave of computer-generated movies?) is incidental. Which makes the slightly dodgy animation (of the "real people") irrelevant - it gets the point across with or without the technological finesse.The "Disney Movie" has become synonymous with maudlin messages, redneck fundamentalism, anachronistic family values, boneheaded parents, smart-mouthing youngsters, too-hip-to-be-smart teens and insufferable pets. Though Disney\'s tyrannical umbrella overarches this film\'s production studio, Pixar Animation, *Toy Story* somehow avoided all trace of Disney\'s craven hand, which is doubly surprising, considering this is Pixar\'s first feature length film, after years of experimentation. Right outa the gate and right outa the field.Sure, there are "messages," but they are heartfelt, rather than maudlin (Woody tells Buzz during Buzz\'s greatest depression that it matters not what Buzz thinks of himself, what makes him important is what his owner, Andy, thinks of him); there are emotional segments, which are truly heartbreaking, rather than cheesy (when Buzz\'s escape attempt lands him with a broken arm, proving he is Not A Flying Toy, the lyric, "Clearly I will go sailing no more," launches a thousand hankies); and the portrayal of Andy\'s family was Pixar\'s triumphal achievement. Boldly contravening Disney\'s *idée fixe* of the 1950\'s nuclear family and Norman Rockwell fantasies, one of the many incarnations of a modern-day family is presented: a single mother with two kids, who are neither geniuses nor monsters, just normal children; happy to visit Pizza Planet and disappointed when favorite toys are lost.Buzz \x96 who believes he is a real life space ranger on a mission to save the universe - become Andy\'s favorite toy over Woody. The funny thing is: though Buzz believes he is real, he still adheres to toy protocol of "playing inert" when humans are in the area. (Maybe it\'s instinct?) When he mentions saving a toy from Sid, the vicious boy next door, how does he propose to do it if he is to adhere to the inert protocol? Buzz\'s ingenuousness regarding his role as a toy infuriates Woody to the point of attempted toy-assassination. Through a concatenation of accidents, both he and Buzz become lost and must use teamwork, trust and ingenuity to beat their path back to Andy, which finds them ensconced in scorchingly funny vignettes (Buzz fastening himself in an over-sized seatbelt; both falling in with green, three-eyed aliens; Buzz hyperventilating as "Mrs. Nesbitt"). During a climactic rocket ride, the callback line, "This is not flying - this is falling with style," simply seals this movie\'s greatness.At least I now have a plausible explanation as to why my toys always got lost: after going about their toy business, they would just go inert anywhere they happened to be, instead of paying attention to their master\'s infallible toy filing system\x85.']