["This is a great children's movie. But, being a kid's movie doesn't mean that it isn't good for others. This film entertains audiences of all ages. I first saw this movie when I was seven. And to this day, I still love it. Kevin Bacon supplies the voice of Balto, a half-bred wolf who risks his life to travel in the cold of Alaska to retrieve a sled of dogs that were lost while bringing antibiodics back to the town of Nome to stop an epidemic. BALTO is a film to see on a cold, Sunday when you have nothing better to do. You will enjoy this film greatly. After viewing it once, you will want to see it again. I lost track of how many times I have seen this film. But it has been more than thirty times. See this movie. It's well worth seeing. This one is one that I am proud to have in my video collection.....5/5.", "This film has a seriousness and drama to it that will surprise you. There are no songs, and it has an adult feel to it, with mature themes and exciting action. The voice characters are its main failing, with Kevin Bacon giving rather flat performance to Balto, and there is an overall lack of conviction in most of the other voices as well.  But this movie has good story and excellent pacing- there are several gripping action sequences, and very few childish moments. Balto is an excellent family film, and will keep adults and older kids enthralled and entertained.  I think it's a little too serious for very young kids to enjoy, though.  It has realism and is not light hearted. There are ideas about sickness, death and prejudice which are used very well to move this story along and help resolve it in the end. This is a hero story with a feel-good ending, and plenty of adventure along the way.  The art and appearance is interesting and unique, mostly classic animation with a few computer assisted scenes-- the overall look is tidy and quality, with some charm and humor that will get you smiling.  It has a live action entry and closure (including a view of the Balto statue in Central Park) which acts as a tie-together, and the true story behind this movie gives it additional appeal. This film, like the WB's 'Iron Giant', has been breezed over by the public and not gotten the recognition it deserves. I would recommend Balto for anyone who likes dogs, realism, or just a smooth, enjoyable film.", 'It\'s not hard to see why this movie wasn\'t particularly popular (check out the scene where the carpenter is shown sadly preparing small coffins), but that doesn\'t mean it isn\'t worth a look.  It\'s actually one of the best underrated animated films of the 90\'s.  The drama is real, the visuals are beautiful, and the story ends happily.  The live action prologue and epilogue are a little distracting, but they\'re made up for by a random (and hilarious) visual shout-out to "E.T."', "I can completely understand why people love this movie, because while for me it isn't the greatest animated movie ever(Beauty and the Beast gets that honour I'm afraid), it is a pretty darn good movie. It is certainly quite powerful and ambitious, and there are parts that tug at the heartstrings. The film isn't laden with humour as much as something like The Lion King or Castle of Cagliostro, but with the characters Boris, Muk and Luk it is evident.The animation is surprisingly detailed. Critics complained of the animation quality being dull and tacky, and when I saw that I thought did we see the same movie. The colours were fine, maybe not the most vibrant colouring in the world like FernGully for instance, but the character animation and the backgrounds are immaculate. The music by James Horner, one of my favourite film composers, is outstanding. Maybe not his finest, as he has done some amazing scores, the one he did for Land Before Time really packs an emotional punch even on repeated viewing, but it is very powerful, poignant and haunting all at the same time and even enhances the drama.Then there are the characters. Balto is a lovable and handsome dog, and Jenna is so beautiful and headstrong. In contrast, we have Boris who is hilarious and Steele a villain detestable in quite a substantial way. The voice acting is very good, Kevin Bacon while an unlikely choice initially does an above decent job, not monotonic or bland like some other celebrities who have voiced in animated films. Bob Hoskins gives great comic relief as Boris, and Phil Collins is amusing as Muk and Luk. Bridget Fonda does well as Jenna, but I have to say Jim Cummings is absolutely BRILLIANT as Steele; Cummings is a very underrated veteran voice actor, and his malevolent voice over proves what talent as a voice actor he has.The film does have an engaging, sometimes tense sometimes heartwarming story, and while perhaps in need of a little more humour, the script wasn't actually that bad. All in all, very overlooked as an animated film. 10/10 Bethany Cox", "Where can I start? This movie is greatly animated, directed and written. There's no cheesy songs to slow it up or a boring storyline. Every angle that is shown is perfect, every background and colour scheme is great. The music by James Horner is well done and fits the moods of the film. Whether you're a kid or an adult, you will find yourself cheering Balto on.", 'Balto & his friends, Boris, Muk, Luk & Jenna are characters to capture the heart. Romance, humour & determination lead us on an epic adventure through the snow. The voicing is excellent and the soundtrack is too. Steele is a good villain. There are some impressive animated sequences especially with the wolves & the bear. An overlooked masterpiece. 10/10', "It is only my opinion, but this was probably one of the best animated movies I have ever viewed. I cannot understand why someone could disagree against this movie. Character voicing was superb, full of life and very well constructed. Aniamtion was beautiful, with smooth backgrounds and even up to the little details such as footprints left behind in the snow. The music was probably the best part of all, with the excellent orchestral background, full of dramatic phrases during an intense part of the movie. It especially sounds great when you're supporting surround sound.This movie was a great movie and people think it was one of the greatest letdowns in the 1990's. In my opinion, it was the greatest animated movie and I would recommend that you should watch it with your family or with a friend. It is a fantastic movie...", 'A excellent movie, it is up there with The Secret of NIMH. The animation also is amazing, and the characters really really nice. Also the voices are the best I heard in the animations movie I seen and they really characterize the personage. I couldn\'t not notice the sweet voice of Jenna and the looks. Very complex and very cute. Also the voice of Boris, one of a kind. The single voice that I remember being so sweet was of Ms. Brisby from the movie, The Secret of NIMH, again a movie with excellent animation and voices. I enjoyed it very much and most surely will watch it again. It just marvelous.-"Its amazing, fantastic, uber, extraordinary, magnificent, marvelous" -"IT ROCKS!" *BAM* :)', "This movie evokes so much emotion in me, just thinking about it. This movie came out 1 day before my daughter was born. She still loves it to this day,and now my 6 year old son enjoys it. He has watched it three times since i got it on DVD! This movie teaches a wonderful lesson. And is just a wonderful true movie!If you can get this movie for your children. They will enjoy it for years to come, as will you!And i really don't need 10 lines to explain to you how good this movie is. When you get the chance to watch it, that will be enough."]["This is a great children's movie. But, being a kid's movie doesn't mean that it isn't good for others. This film entertains audiences of all ages. I first saw this movie when I was seven. And to this day, I still love it. Kevin Bacon supplies the voice of Balto, a half-bred wolf who risks his life to travel in the cold of Alaska to retrieve a sled of dogs that were lost while bringing antibiodics back to the town of Nome to stop an epidemic. BALTO is a film to see on a cold, Sunday when you have nothing better to do. You will enjoy this film greatly. After viewing it once, you will want to see it again. I lost track of how many times I have seen this film. But it has been more than thirty times. See this movie. It's well worth seeing. This one is one that I am proud to have in my video collection.....5/5.", "This film has a seriousness and drama to it that will surprise you. There are no songs, and it has an adult feel to it, with mature themes and exciting action. The voice characters are its main failing, with Kevin Bacon giving rather flat performance to Balto, and there is an overall lack of conviction in most of the other voices as well.  But this movie has good story and excellent pacing- there are several gripping action sequences, and very few childish moments. Balto is an excellent family film, and will keep adults and older kids enthralled and entertained.  I think it's a little too serious for very young kids to enjoy, though.  It has realism and is not light hearted. There are ideas about sickness, death and prejudice which are used very well to move this story along and help resolve it in the end. This is a hero story with a feel-good ending, and plenty of adventure along the way.  The art and appearance is interesting and unique, mostly classic animation with a few computer assisted scenes-- the overall look is tidy and quality, with some charm and humor that will get you smiling.  It has a live action entry and closure (including a view of the Balto statue in Central Park) which acts as a tie-together, and the true story behind this movie gives it additional appeal. This film, like the WB's 'Iron Giant', has been breezed over by the public and not gotten the recognition it deserves. I would recommend Balto for anyone who likes dogs, realism, or just a smooth, enjoyable film.", 'It\'s not hard to see why this movie wasn\'t particularly popular (check out the scene where the carpenter is shown sadly preparing small coffins), but that doesn\'t mean it isn\'t worth a look.  It\'s actually one of the best underrated animated films of the 90\'s.  The drama is real, the visuals are beautiful, and the story ends happily.  The live action prologue and epilogue are a little distracting, but they\'re made up for by a random (and hilarious) visual shout-out to "E.T."', "I can completely understand why people love this movie, because while for me it isn't the greatest animated movie ever(Beauty and the Beast gets that honour I'm afraid), it is a pretty darn good movie. It is certainly quite powerful and ambitious, and there are parts that tug at the heartstrings. The film isn't laden with humour as much as something like The Lion King or Castle of Cagliostro, but with the characters Boris, Muk and Luk it is evident.The animation is surprisingly detailed. Critics complained of the animation quality being dull and tacky, and when I saw that I thought did we see the same movie. The colours were fine, maybe not the most vibrant colouring in the world like FernGully for instance, but the character animation and the backgrounds are immaculate. The music by James Horner, one of my favourite film composers, is outstanding. Maybe not his finest, as he has done some amazing scores, the one he did for Land Before Time really packs an emotional punch even on repeated viewing, but it is very powerful, poignant and haunting all at the same time and even enhances the drama.Then there are the characters. Balto is a lovable and handsome dog, and Jenna is so beautiful and headstrong. In contrast, we have Boris who is hilarious and Steele a villain detestable in quite a substantial way. The voice acting is very good, Kevin Bacon while an unlikely choice initially does an above decent job, not monotonic or bland like some other celebrities who have voiced in animated films. Bob Hoskins gives great comic relief as Boris, and Phil Collins is amusing as Muk and Luk. Bridget Fonda does well as Jenna, but I have to say Jim Cummings is absolutely BRILLIANT as Steele; Cummings is a very underrated veteran voice actor, and his malevolent voice over proves what talent as a voice actor he has.The film does have an engaging, sometimes tense sometimes heartwarming story, and while perhaps in need of a little more humour, the script wasn't actually that bad. All in all, very overlooked as an animated film. 10/10 Bethany Cox", "Where can I start? This movie is greatly animated, directed and written. There's no cheesy songs to slow it up or a boring storyline. Every angle that is shown is perfect, every background and colour scheme is great. The music by James Horner is well done and fits the moods of the film. Whether you're a kid or an adult, you will find yourself cheering Balto on.", 'Balto & his friends, Boris, Muk, Luk & Jenna are characters to capture the heart. Romance, humour & determination lead us on an epic adventure through the snow. The voicing is excellent and the soundtrack is too. Steele is a good villain. There are some impressive animated sequences especially with the wolves & the bear. An overlooked masterpiece. 10/10', "It is only my opinion, but this was probably one of the best animated movies I have ever viewed. I cannot understand why someone could disagree against this movie. Character voicing was superb, full of life and very well constructed. Aniamtion was beautiful, with smooth backgrounds and even up to the little details such as footprints left behind in the snow. The music was probably the best part of all, with the excellent orchestral background, full of dramatic phrases during an intense part of the movie. It especially sounds great when you're supporting surround sound.This movie was a great movie and people think it was one of the greatest letdowns in the 1990's. In my opinion, it was the greatest animated movie and I would recommend that you should watch it with your family or with a friend. It is a fantastic movie...", 'A excellent movie, it is up there with The Secret of NIMH. The animation also is amazing, and the characters really really nice. Also the voices are the best I heard in the animations movie I seen and they really characterize the personage. I couldn\'t not notice the sweet voice of Jenna and the looks. Very complex and very cute. Also the voice of Boris, one of a kind. The single voice that I remember being so sweet was of Ms. Brisby from the movie, The Secret of NIMH, again a movie with excellent animation and voices. I enjoyed it very much and most surely will watch it again. It just marvelous.-"Its amazing, fantastic, uber, extraordinary, magnificent, marvelous" -"IT ROCKS!" *BAM* :)', "This movie evokes so much emotion in me, just thinking about it. This movie came out 1 day before my daughter was born. She still loves it to this day,and now my 6 year old son enjoys it. He has watched it three times since i got it on DVD! This movie teaches a wonderful lesson. And is just a wonderful true movie!If you can get this movie for your children. They will enjoy it for years to come, as will you!And i really don't need 10 lines to explain to you how good this movie is. When you get the chance to watch it, that will be enough."]