["This was a good movie, even though I'm not the target audience.  It's nice to see that black women had a movie about them, and thanks to the star power of Whitney Houston it became no.1 and was a big hit.  I am actually tired of reading little comments saying that Whitney isn't that good of an actress because all of those comments are based on the fact that she's a singer.  If she wasn't a famous singer, nobody would say anything bad about her acting. IMO, she acted very well just like in all her movies, she's not an oscar caliber actress (very few are) but she definitely has screen presence, charisma and gets the job done.  Stop hating her because she's a singer, unlike Madonna or Mariah, Whitney at least did some quality work with some quality people, and she hasn't had flops & horrible movies.", 'I read some of the other comments comcerning this movie. And personally i thought that this movie was greatly misinterpreted. This movie (while have some "man-bashing" elements) is more about the friendship of four strong real black women who represent a little part of most women in society. I love this movie. I think that it has humor, depth, and presents a very real perspective on love and dating in today\'s world. And while men might take offense to the representation of the male gender in this movie, I think that it\'s important to realize that unfaithful, self-absorbed men do exist. However, as we must acknowledge the less moral men of our society, this movie also portrays that good decent men are not a figment of our imagination. With Wesley Snipes and Gregory Hines characters, we see that men are not all callous unfeeling creatures. So basically, I feel that this movie is one to be appreciated and enjoyed. (And in response to one respone that i read. . . One does not CHOOSE who they fall in love with, love just happens. We cannot choose who we love.) Anyways. . .i loved the part where she burned all the clothes too :)', 'I got an opportunity to see Waiting To Exhale for the second time recently, the first time shortly after it came out, and now now. I can\'t say time has improved my thoughts of the film, which is odd, as I seemed to recall really enjoying this the first time it came out. (Maybe I should watch \'Homeward Bound\' again, as I LOVED that movie the first time I saw it) The only actress really to impress in this movie is of course the amazing Angela Bassett who growls and hisses every chance she gets! I really liked this character, and I felt for the trials she was going through. The other character I liked was the one played by Loretta Devine, who was cute as the overweight mother who unexpectedly falls in love. I kind of thought the Lela Rachon character was underwritten, and seemed to almost revel in her wantonness. lol. As for Miss Houston, when I was watching her "act", well, Chesty Morgan\'s performance in "Deadly Weapons" came to mind for some odd reason, as it appears the acting thing was becoming a struggle, and wasn\'t going to last for too long.. All in all, I wasn\'t really disappointed in the film, it just slid off...', 'WAITING TO EXHALE Waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and waiting... you get the point. "Waiting To Exhale", Forrest Whitaker\'s take on Terry McMillan\'s popular book, had a rather popular following upon it\'s release in 1995. It was packaged brilliantly, crossing over into the popular music scene with a blockbuster soundtrack featuring it\'s star Whitney Houston. However, as Leonard Maltin said it so beautifully, this film ultimately reminds one too much of the easy listening jazz that plays under nearly every scene."Waiting To Exhale" had the potential to be an interesting movie. It features a nice ensemble that manages to have good chemistry while also allowing certain performers to step into the limelight and really dominate certain scenes. Unfortunately, in the end, the movie is a repetitive drone.It tells the story of four African-American females (played by Angela Bassett, Whitney Houston, Loretta Divine, and Lela Rochon) as they struggle to find the men in life that can satisfy there needs. The only problem, in the world of this movie, men are nothing but complete ass-holes who wouldn\'t know the word "feelings" if they looked it up in the dictionary. How can this film possibly go anywhere when it\'s screenwriters has made men so incredibly unredeemable that nothing can change.For the first 45 minutes, the film is slightly enjoyable. However, as it continues on into it\'s 2 hour and plus running time... it begins to feel like deja-vu. The women keep putting themselves in identical situations to those they\'ve experienced in the past... and as much as they talk about it in slow/sultry voice-overs, they don\'t seem to learn squat.It\'s like the soundtrack music. Slightly soothing, enjoyable, and easy to digest... but too slow and pointless to listen to for very long. "Waiting To Exhale" in the end is nothing more then a boringly pointless film that wastes the potential it had with the cast. Were the film given more of a focal point, and a more distinct narrative line, perhaps it could have been a good film. But everyone on board apparently missed the memo that... films are better when they have a plot and a purpose.... D ...', "While this movie truly is bound to be more appealing to women than men, it is a touching story of four best friends. How they stick together and grow together through life's mistakes, joys, and bad taste in men. I love Angela Bassett and she is outstanding in this movie. The other 3 ladies, Whitney,Lela, and Loretta do great jobs too. This movie is filled with sweet moments, great laughter, and maybe some tears. Just a wonderful movie that shows what friendship is about. I have not read the book, but I have heard many times that the book is better... but hey thats true for almost every book turned movie. So all I know is I love this movie, and every time I watch it, it gives me great pleasure. Not too mention the soundtrack is fabulous! Whitney, Brandy, Babyface,Faith Evans,and Mary J Blige make the music in the film absolutely great.", 'I have the video of this movie and it grew on me as time passed. It\'s not a great movie but it is enjoyable and as has been pointed out by others, it feels good to see a movie about women of color for a change. However, the movie would not have been watchable without the formidable talents of Angela Bassett and Loretta Devine. I felt that they really were Bernadine and Gloria -- even their smallest gestures were in tune with their characters. I don\'t have the words to describe what fine actors these ladies are and their skills are right up there with Debra Winger, Holly Hunter, Alfre Woodard and others.Gloria seemed to be the only moral woman in the lot. She was adorable as an overweight, insecure no-nonsense business woman and mother. She didn\'t think she was worthy of love because of her weight, but she was the only one who found it (and deserved it). She was the only one who didn\'t sleep around, wasn\'t a man basher, set a good example for her son, and gave good advice to her girlfriends. The other three could learn a lot from her. Loretta Devine has a really beautiful face -- look past the weight and for those of you who judge people by such things, her skin color. She has wonderfully expressive eyes and attractive features. I think it was noteworthy that Gregory Hines\' character saw her real beauty and responded to it. His character was a decent, good man and I\'m glad this was addressed in the movie.Angela Bassett has always been one of my favorite actors. She is the total package --- beauty and talent. Her character wasn\'t perfect but Bernadine did take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. She was so much better off without that reprehensible excuse for a husband in her life - she could now start her catering business, she had a possible new love in her future and she had good friends that would always be there for her. I was as happy for her as if I were really one of her girlfriends when things turned out well for her in the end.Lela Rochon didn\'t display any acting talent here and wasn\'t quite up to the job of conveying Robin\'s vulnerability and immaturity. She was little more than a tearaway that slept around and made dumb choices. In the book, you realized that Robin had a lot of love to give a man and didn\'t seem to know how to choose a good one to bestow it on. She was obviously beautiful and decently educated but she lacked common sense and had never really gotten over her betrayal by a man she had really loved. Her mother was a cancer survivor and her father suffered from advance Alzheimer\'s disease. I don\'t feel they rounded out this character at all and she didn\'t seem like an actual person. Just a cute slut who wondered why she got used by men.Poor Whitney has no acting skills whatsoever! Every character she attempts to portray is exactly the same -- Whitney Houston being well groomed, pretending to be well spoken and classy, and looking cow eyed at whatever male actor she is paired with. Its a shame because Savannah should have been played by someone like Angela Bassett or Kimberly Elise (although she might have been too young). The character had to tell us she was smart -- in a phone conversation with her mother she said "I\'m smart, I\'m a good person and I work hard." Thank goodness she told us because we sure wouldn\'t have known otherwise. She has sex with a man she doesn\'t like at all and doesn\'t even know well and then has an affair with a married man and calls him scum! She has poor conversational skills, doesn\'t really seem interested in her friends\'problems and preferred to roll her big eyes and act as if she were so above whatever little difficulties they were going through. Savannah would be such a waste of time for any man unless she took a long hard look at herself. She deserved to be by herself at the end.This movie might have been better with a female director, as Forest Whitaker didn\'t "tell this story" properly at all. We ended up not liking or caring about the characters because we really didn\'t get a strong sense of who they were.Also, was it me, or was everything in this movie either orange or blue?', 'The Feature Film version of the MacMillan Novel was a welcome change from all the "Hood" movies that were being released. Unlike the Hood movies "Exhale" did not have a plot that revolved around: violence,drugs, and guns. Instead it was a more Upscale drama. If you read the book the roles were cast perfectly with the exception of the woman that played Savannah. Angela Bassett as Bernadine, Lela Rochon as Robin; Loretta Devine as Gloria; could not have been better casted, if the movie were done over a thousand times!Unfortunately Terry MacMillan allowed the project to get too commercial, thus compromising her craft! One verification of this is the exporting of Whitney Houston from the Music Industry to fill the lead as Savannah. The part of Savannah demanded a lot of acting ability. They could\'ve gotten Theresa Randall, Robin Givens or Tyra Ferrell to do the lead, but they didn\'t. Instead they hired a pop diva in an effort to get millions of her fans into the cineplexes; and of course sing on the Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds produced soundtrack! Needless to say the grammy Award winner gave a highly unimpressive performance!As for the directing; now Forest Whittaker\'s my boy, but the direction needed a womans touch! The story was supposed to be about feminine friendship, and all the complications that go with it.Despite the box-office success of "Waiting to Exhale" it failed to produce a demand for more Upscale Black Dramas! Macmillan had to do it herself in her follow up book turned movie "How Stella  Got Her Groove Back!"Read my review of "How Stella Got Her Groove Back"', "Predictable, full of every soppy sad tragic story you've seen on the soaps. You know who is going to sleep with whom, you know they shouldn't, you know what the outcome will be. You could write the dialogue yourself, if you've ever seen even a week's worth of soap operas. You either want to leave the room, or turn the channel, it's so soppy and predictable. Of course they all turn out to be strong women in the end; it was written during that era. Of course 99% of the men are jerks; it was written during that era. Of course all the women are fantastically beautiful; you wouldn't put up with this movie if they looked like real, every-day women. The saddest thing about the movie is how beautiful Whitney Houston used to be before drugs and her husband ruined her.", "Vannah is travelling to see her friend Bernie while leaving behind all her old live to start anew.  Bernie has just been left by her husband of 13 years for a white woman.  Robin wants to be loved and happy but always makes the wrong choices.  Glo has an estranged husband and the only man in her life is her teenage son.  The four get together through their struggles in love and live as they try to put it all together again.This is very much a woman's film and, as a man, it's easy for me to criticise it for being a weepy or for being a bit of a woman love \x96in, so I won't.  The plot is pure soap opera, the lives and loves of our 4 women, however it is still involving as the four stories all have strengths as well as weaknesses.  The mix of comedy and sentiment is a bit too much 20:80 and at times the sentiment gets too much, but the sassy characters keep the interest.The soapy sentiment isn't helped by a poor soundtrack and poor use there of. In itself I like some of the love ballad r'n'b stuff \x96 but here it felt like it was all over every scene.  This really bogs it down. Also a down side is the whole man hating thing \x96 only a few come off looking good.  I thought the director being a man would help redress the balance but it seemed to have no effect.Why \x96 can someone tell me \x96 was Houston chosen to lead this talented black cast?  Was it because she could do a cut price soundtrack?  She's a poor actress and he spoiled her scenes \x96 she needs to stay in TVM's.  Bassett however is powerful as ever and really steals every single scene she's in. Devine adds comedy and sauce while Rochon is perfect as the vulnerable beauty going about love the wrong way.  The male cast is great too \x96 there are so many well known faces in this with only two criticisms of them  1 \x96 everytime I see Haysbert now all I can think of is his 24 character.  And 2 \x96 Wesley Snipes' character just don't convince me at all.Overall to criticise this for being girly or sentimental is to miss the point.  It is actually good to see a film with so many good roles for black actresses.  It's a bit too soapy for my taste but it is funny and involving with a commanding Bassett.  Only Huston, a soppy soundtrack and constant man caricatures spoil it."]["This was a good movie, even though I'm not the target audience.  It's nice to see that black women had a movie about them, and thanks to the star power of Whitney Houston it became no.1 and was a big hit.  I am actually tired of reading little comments saying that Whitney isn't that good of an actress because all of those comments are based on the fact that she's a singer.  If she wasn't a famous singer, nobody would say anything bad about her acting. IMO, she acted very well just like in all her movies, she's not an oscar caliber actress (very few are) but she definitely has screen presence, charisma and gets the job done.  Stop hating her because she's a singer, unlike Madonna or Mariah, Whitney at least did some quality work with some quality people, and she hasn't had flops & horrible movies.", 'I read some of the other comments comcerning this movie. And personally i thought that this movie was greatly misinterpreted. This movie (while have some "man-bashing" elements) is more about the friendship of four strong real black women who represent a little part of most women in society. I love this movie. I think that it has humor, depth, and presents a very real perspective on love and dating in today\'s world. And while men might take offense to the representation of the male gender in this movie, I think that it\'s important to realize that unfaithful, self-absorbed men do exist. However, as we must acknowledge the less moral men of our society, this movie also portrays that good decent men are not a figment of our imagination. With Wesley Snipes and Gregory Hines characters, we see that men are not all callous unfeeling creatures. So basically, I feel that this movie is one to be appreciated and enjoyed. (And in response to one respone that i read. . . One does not CHOOSE who they fall in love with, love just happens. We cannot choose who we love.) Anyways. . .i loved the part where she burned all the clothes too :)', 'I got an opportunity to see Waiting To Exhale for the second time recently, the first time shortly after it came out, and now now. I can\'t say time has improved my thoughts of the film, which is odd, as I seemed to recall really enjoying this the first time it came out. (Maybe I should watch \'Homeward Bound\' again, as I LOVED that movie the first time I saw it) The only actress really to impress in this movie is of course the amazing Angela Bassett who growls and hisses every chance she gets! I really liked this character, and I felt for the trials she was going through. The other character I liked was the one played by Loretta Devine, who was cute as the overweight mother who unexpectedly falls in love. I kind of thought the Lela Rachon character was underwritten, and seemed to almost revel in her wantonness. lol. As for Miss Houston, when I was watching her "act", well, Chesty Morgan\'s performance in "Deadly Weapons" came to mind for some odd reason, as it appears the acting thing was becoming a struggle, and wasn\'t going to last for too long.. All in all, I wasn\'t really disappointed in the film, it just slid off...', 'WAITING TO EXHALE Waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and waiting... you get the point. "Waiting To Exhale", Forrest Whitaker\'s take on Terry McMillan\'s popular book, had a rather popular following upon it\'s release in 1995. It was packaged brilliantly, crossing over into the popular music scene with a blockbuster soundtrack featuring it\'s star Whitney Houston. However, as Leonard Maltin said it so beautifully, this film ultimately reminds one too much of the easy listening jazz that plays under nearly every scene."Waiting To Exhale" had the potential to be an interesting movie. It features a nice ensemble that manages to have good chemistry while also allowing certain performers to step into the limelight and really dominate certain scenes. Unfortunately, in the end, the movie is a repetitive drone.It tells the story of four African-American females (played by Angela Bassett, Whitney Houston, Loretta Divine, and Lela Rochon) as they struggle to find the men in life that can satisfy there needs. The only problem, in the world of this movie, men are nothing but complete ass-holes who wouldn\'t know the word "feelings" if they looked it up in the dictionary. How can this film possibly go anywhere when it\'s screenwriters has made men so incredibly unredeemable that nothing can change.For the first 45 minutes, the film is slightly enjoyable. However, as it continues on into it\'s 2 hour and plus running time... it begins to feel like deja-vu. The women keep putting themselves in identical situations to those they\'ve experienced in the past... and as much as they talk about it in slow/sultry voice-overs, they don\'t seem to learn squat.It\'s like the soundtrack music. Slightly soothing, enjoyable, and easy to digest... but too slow and pointless to listen to for very long. "Waiting To Exhale" in the end is nothing more then a boringly pointless film that wastes the potential it had with the cast. Were the film given more of a focal point, and a more distinct narrative line, perhaps it could have been a good film. But everyone on board apparently missed the memo that... films are better when they have a plot and a purpose.... D ...', "While this movie truly is bound to be more appealing to women than men, it is a touching story of four best friends. How they stick together and grow together through life's mistakes, joys, and bad taste in men. I love Angela Bassett and she is outstanding in this movie. The other 3 ladies, Whitney,Lela, and Loretta do great jobs too. This movie is filled with sweet moments, great laughter, and maybe some tears. Just a wonderful movie that shows what friendship is about. I have not read the book, but I have heard many times that the book is better... but hey thats true for almost every book turned movie. So all I know is I love this movie, and every time I watch it, it gives me great pleasure. Not too mention the soundtrack is fabulous! Whitney, Brandy, Babyface,Faith Evans,and Mary J Blige make the music in the film absolutely great.", 'I have the video of this movie and it grew on me as time passed. It\'s not a great movie but it is enjoyable and as has been pointed out by others, it feels good to see a movie about women of color for a change. However, the movie would not have been watchable without the formidable talents of Angela Bassett and Loretta Devine. I felt that they really were Bernadine and Gloria -- even their smallest gestures were in tune with their characters. I don\'t have the words to describe what fine actors these ladies are and their skills are right up there with Debra Winger, Holly Hunter, Alfre Woodard and others.Gloria seemed to be the only moral woman in the lot. She was adorable as an overweight, insecure no-nonsense business woman and mother. She didn\'t think she was worthy of love because of her weight, but she was the only one who found it (and deserved it). She was the only one who didn\'t sleep around, wasn\'t a man basher, set a good example for her son, and gave good advice to her girlfriends. The other three could learn a lot from her. Loretta Devine has a really beautiful face -- look past the weight and for those of you who judge people by such things, her skin color. She has wonderfully expressive eyes and attractive features. I think it was noteworthy that Gregory Hines\' character saw her real beauty and responded to it. His character was a decent, good man and I\'m glad this was addressed in the movie.Angela Bassett has always been one of my favorite actors. She is the total package --- beauty and talent. Her character wasn\'t perfect but Bernadine did take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. She was so much better off without that reprehensible excuse for a husband in her life - she could now start her catering business, she had a possible new love in her future and she had good friends that would always be there for her. I was as happy for her as if I were really one of her girlfriends when things turned out well for her in the end.Lela Rochon didn\'t display any acting talent here and wasn\'t quite up to the job of conveying Robin\'s vulnerability and immaturity. She was little more than a tearaway that slept around and made dumb choices. In the book, you realized that Robin had a lot of love to give a man and didn\'t seem to know how to choose a good one to bestow it on. She was obviously beautiful and decently educated but she lacked common sense and had never really gotten over her betrayal by a man she had really loved. Her mother was a cancer survivor and her father suffered from advance Alzheimer\'s disease. I don\'t feel they rounded out this character at all and she didn\'t seem like an actual person. Just a cute slut who wondered why she got used by men.Poor Whitney has no acting skills whatsoever! Every character she attempts to portray is exactly the same -- Whitney Houston being well groomed, pretending to be well spoken and classy, and looking cow eyed at whatever male actor she is paired with. Its a shame because Savannah should have been played by someone like Angela Bassett or Kimberly Elise (although she might have been too young). The character had to tell us she was smart -- in a phone conversation with her mother she said "I\'m smart, I\'m a good person and I work hard." Thank goodness she told us because we sure wouldn\'t have known otherwise. She has sex with a man she doesn\'t like at all and doesn\'t even know well and then has an affair with a married man and calls him scum! She has poor conversational skills, doesn\'t really seem interested in her friends\'problems and preferred to roll her big eyes and act as if she were so above whatever little difficulties they were going through. Savannah would be such a waste of time for any man unless she took a long hard look at herself. She deserved to be by herself at the end.This movie might have been better with a female director, as Forest Whitaker didn\'t "tell this story" properly at all. We ended up not liking or caring about the characters because we really didn\'t get a strong sense of who they were.Also, was it me, or was everything in this movie either orange or blue?', 'The Feature Film version of the MacMillan Novel was a welcome change from all the "Hood" movies that were being released. Unlike the Hood movies "Exhale" did not have a plot that revolved around: violence,drugs, and guns. Instead it was a more Upscale drama. If you read the book the roles were cast perfectly with the exception of the woman that played Savannah. Angela Bassett as Bernadine, Lela Rochon as Robin; Loretta Devine as Gloria; could not have been better casted, if the movie were done over a thousand times!Unfortunately Terry MacMillan allowed the project to get too commercial, thus compromising her craft! One verification of this is the exporting of Whitney Houston from the Music Industry to fill the lead as Savannah. The part of Savannah demanded a lot of acting ability. They could\'ve gotten Theresa Randall, Robin Givens or Tyra Ferrell to do the lead, but they didn\'t. Instead they hired a pop diva in an effort to get millions of her fans into the cineplexes; and of course sing on the Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds produced soundtrack! Needless to say the grammy Award winner gave a highly unimpressive performance!As for the directing; now Forest Whittaker\'s my boy, but the direction needed a womans touch! The story was supposed to be about feminine friendship, and all the complications that go with it.Despite the box-office success of "Waiting to Exhale" it failed to produce a demand for more Upscale Black Dramas! Macmillan had to do it herself in her follow up book turned movie "How Stella  Got Her Groove Back!"Read my review of "How Stella Got Her Groove Back"', "Predictable, full of every soppy sad tragic story you've seen on the soaps. You know who is going to sleep with whom, you know they shouldn't, you know what the outcome will be. You could write the dialogue yourself, if you've ever seen even a week's worth of soap operas. You either want to leave the room, or turn the channel, it's so soppy and predictable. Of course they all turn out to be strong women in the end; it was written during that era. Of course 99% of the men are jerks; it was written during that era. Of course all the women are fantastically beautiful; you wouldn't put up with this movie if they looked like real, every-day women. The saddest thing about the movie is how beautiful Whitney Houston used to be before drugs and her husband ruined her.", "Vannah is travelling to see her friend Bernie while leaving behind all her old live to start anew.  Bernie has just been left by her husband of 13 years for a white woman.  Robin wants to be loved and happy but always makes the wrong choices.  Glo has an estranged husband and the only man in her life is her teenage son.  The four get together through their struggles in love and live as they try to put it all together again.This is very much a woman's film and, as a man, it's easy for me to criticise it for being a weepy or for being a bit of a woman love \x96in, so I won't.  The plot is pure soap opera, the lives and loves of our 4 women, however it is still involving as the four stories all have strengths as well as weaknesses.  The mix of comedy and sentiment is a bit too much 20:80 and at times the sentiment gets too much, but the sassy characters keep the interest.The soapy sentiment isn't helped by a poor soundtrack and poor use there of. In itself I like some of the love ballad r'n'b stuff \x96 but here it felt like it was all over every scene.  This really bogs it down. Also a down side is the whole man hating thing \x96 only a few come off looking good.  I thought the director being a man would help redress the balance but it seemed to have no effect.Why \x96 can someone tell me \x96 was Houston chosen to lead this talented black cast?  Was it because she could do a cut price soundtrack?  She's a poor actress and he spoiled her scenes \x96 she needs to stay in TVM's.  Bassett however is powerful as ever and really steals every single scene she's in. Devine adds comedy and sauce while Rochon is perfect as the vulnerable beauty going about love the wrong way.  The male cast is great too \x96 there are so many well known faces in this with only two criticisms of them  1 \x96 everytime I see Haysbert now all I can think of is his 24 character.  And 2 \x96 Wesley Snipes' character just don't convince me at all.Overall to criticise this for being girly or sentimental is to miss the point.  It is actually good to see a film with so many good roles for black actresses.  It's a bit too soapy for my taste but it is funny and involving with a commanding Bassett.  Only Huston, a soppy soundtrack and constant man caricatures spoil it."]