['"Cutthroat Island" is a 1995 film with chaotic production and distribution and with unfair reviews of the professional critics. Renny Harlin and Geena Davis were married at that time and he convinced the producers to cast his wife in an action film in a complete misevaluation of her talent. Geena Davis was a great actress in comedy and drama genres in the 80´s and 90´s but was only reasonable in the role of the female pirate Morgan Adams. Another problem was to find an actor for Morgan´s slave William Shaw since Matthew Modine was the last choice in a long list of actors that refused the role. It seems that this notorious film was also the responsible for the bankruptcy of Carolco Pictures since the box office was frustrating.Said that, "Cutthroat Island" is indeed an entertaining modern (in 1995) pirate movie, with a good story. The successful franchize "Pirates of the Caribbean" is an improvement of "Cutthroat Island" with better technology, budget and cast. But the stories are equaly entertaining and funny. In the end, forget the bad ratings of professional critics and have a goodtime watching this film. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "A Ilha da Garganta Cortada" ("The Cutthroat Island")', "The film opens in Jamaican coast in 1668While the Port Royal governor wants so badly the lady pirate, Morgan Adams, and will pay well for her, Dawg Brown (Frank Langella) was grabbing Morgan's father Black Harry (Harris Yulin) to take the first piece of a map (split into three separate pieces) to Cutthroat Island, where a treasure of a Spanish gold ship is said to be buried thereEach of the other sections of the map is held by Morgan's two uncles: Dawg-the bad pirate who doesn't want to share the treasure-has the second piece stolen from a now-deceased brother, and Mordachai holds the third at Spittlefied HarborSo to seek the Spanish Treasure and to avenge her father's death, Morgan (Geena Davis) has to join with her uncle Mordachai and fight her murderous uncle to obtain the third part of the mapThe governor of the island (Patrick Malahide) offers Morgan two alternatives: One, an ignominious death on the gallows or she might cut him in for a share of her grandfather's treasureAt the slave market, Morgan was looking for a man who can read Latin So she picked a handsome convict who passes himself off as a physician with a natural pitch for music and a perfect taste in wine His name was William Shaw (Matthew Modine).If you enjoy Seventeenth Century pirate movies, and like to see how 92 million dollars were spent in sea-battles, rope-swinging, slow motion swashbuckling action, cannons with many explosions and many fires, plenty of rum, cove and cliffs, lots of treasure, the destruction of two Jamaican towns, gorgeous ocean vistas and breathtaking visuals don't miss this one!", "Cutthroat Island is a movie that you can just sit back, relax and watch it with a big goofy grin on your face.  Sure it tanked at the box office, but don't disregard it totally.  It's entertaining as hell.  Geena Davis is rather engaging as a female pirate and Frank Langella seemed to be enjoying himself.  Most people will say that this movie can't hold a candle to the pirate films of Errol Flynn, and they're right.  But for a rock em sock em pirate adventure with more explosions than the high seas ever saw, watch Cutthroat Island.", 'Making a valiant stab at becoming an action figure, Geena Davis plays Morgan Adams, a wily, rough & tumble pirate woman who lives for adventure and the like. When her evil Uncle Dawg (Frank Langella) turns on her and her dad, it\'s a race against time for Morgan as she tries to piece together a map that will lead her to Cut-Throat Island, where unimaginable wealth in stolen pirate gold resides. Along the way she is pursued by an evil British officer who goes into cahoots with treacherous crew members and Dawg, aided by a pretty boy Jack-of-all-trades thief named William Shaw (Matthew Modine), and confronted with a series of wildly over the top set pieces that no human being could possibly survive. One of the most expensive flops ever made, this overlong but endearing and even occasionally exciting film deserved much better than what it got in the summer of the mid-90s. Not quite as funny as "Pirates of the Caribbean" but still fun. Already a cardboard cut-out role to begin with, Geena Davis struggles to overcome her natural aura of motherly warmth to play the roughish Morgan, but she plays the part well enough (she really does come across as somebody\'s mother, albeit the kind of mother neighborhood boys fantasize about). It\'s easy to imagine her in the ring with Keira Knightley - who played Elizabeth Swann in "Pirates of the Caribbean" - and to have Geena walloping Keira\'s waif like frame. Matthew Modine has his moments as Shaw and Frank "Dracula/Skeletor" Langella is enjoyably hammy as Dawg.If nothing else, rent it for the expensive sets, fancy costumes, and elaborate, over the top stunts - many of which Davis and Modine did themselves.', "This film was responsible for the bankruptcy of the company behind it, Carolco. Which is a shame, but the film is not as bad as it is rumoured to be. Far from it. It's above average oldfashioned entertainment.The soundtrack alone is a standout. Sweeping and powerful, it serves the plotline well and it's a joy to listen to on its own. Although the characters aren't among the most complex and well defined in movie history, they work (with a couple of exceptions, among them Maury Chaykin as John Reed, whose acting just doesn't match the tone of the film). And then there's the beautifully reconstructed pirate ships, well choreographed action sequences and terrific special effects.\nIn short this is a film that has an unfair rep and it is really worth your time. A great warmup for Pirates of the Caribbean (which hasn't opened yet in this neck of the woods).", 'One film I added to my "Best Films of 1995" list!!I still don\'t know why this film was never a hit.  I mean it was no Best Picture contender, but it was a great action film and it was Renny Harlin at the top of his game!Geenea Davis never looked better and director Renny Harlin has never made a more action packed film since Cutthroat Island or after Cutthroat Island!I saw the film 2xs when it first hit theaters, then bought my copy as soon as it it video (this was before DVD came into play then I up-graded my copy) and I loved it then and I still love it!It\'s just a great ol\' adventure story about a female pirate (Geena Davis looking really good) and her companion race against their rivals to find a hidden island that contains a fabulous treasure.  Whats up against her besides her nasty uncle is a crew that is sceptical of her leadership abilities, so she must complete her quest before they mutiny against her.I think the reason so many critics hated it was because it was a woman doing what men only thought they could do and a woman doing it better!The plot had strong action, great lines and a strong plot with a fiery woman\'s point of view, with lots of action and romance with that ol\' B movie adventure fell that still to this day keeps me on the edge of my seat no matter how many times I watch it!Bravo Renny Harlin and Geena Davis!!Who knows with a stroke of luck and a few movie buffs like me who love this little undiscovered lost treasure of a film it may just one day see the light of day as a un-song hero of pirate films and become a cult classic!One can only hope!', 'Despite being fun to watch and very entertaining, this is not a film that draws me back for many viewings. Maybe it\'s too absurd: a beautiful woman pirate "Morgan Adams" (Geena Davis) punching everyone out at every turn can get a ridiculous and tiresome after awhile. It just an excess of everything, almost cartoon-like.If you haven\'t had enough action in first hour (and you do), the last half really goes crazy with a non-stop battle scene that goes on and on and on.Nevertheless, there are some good things to watch in here besides Davis and her pretty face. the movie was filmed in Malta and in Thailand and features some beautiful island photography. The ship is magnificent and when two ships are side-by-side firing cannons at one another, it\'s an awesome sight and even more awesome sound. You really need to watch this with a good stereo system to appreciate the great audio work in here.Frank Langella also makes for an interestingly effective villain ("Dawg Brown") while Matthew Modine ("William Shaw") chips in with a co-star and male companion for the good guy, er good girl , Davis character.', "Just take this as it is: a fun aventure film to enjoy with a big bowl of popcorn. Geena Davis' natural face and statuesque figure, Thailand's breathtaking beaches/islands, ridiculously entertaining fight and chase scenes, gorgeous pirate ships, a hilarious pet monkey, and memorable characters, they're all a delight to watch. The soundtrack is perfectly suited for it.\nI give this film a 6.5.", 'Who says women can\'t be good pirates? Being a woman certainly doesn\'t stop Morgan Adams (Geena Davis) from plundering and "manning" the high seas. Sure, she\'s a bit incredible at first, but this movie is more about the classic treasure-hunt adventures of Robert Louis Stevenson than any life realities. Just look at the success of Pirates of the Caribbean! At least this movie is far more realistic than that, without any curses and such and...sadly, without the prizewinning role played by Depp. Davis does manage to lend credence to the part of a strong woman who still maintains some rules and beliefs in her pirating. She is the daughter of a pirate captain. Her father is murdered by her uncle, Dawg (Frank Langella), in his search for a mysterious treasure. Apparently, several of the family members each carried a piece of the map to this treasure but none of them wanted to share it and thus, it has remained unfound. Morgan begins a journey to get that which is rightfully her\'s and her shipmates, all while being pursued by the British navy, her uncle, and amorously pursued by a professional thief, William Shaw (Matthew Modine). Cutthroat Island is a new tale of a pirate classic! 8/10']['"Cutthroat Island" is a 1995 film with chaotic production and distribution and with unfair reviews of the professional critics. Renny Harlin and Geena Davis were married at that time and he convinced the producers to cast his wife in an action film in a complete misevaluation of her talent. Geena Davis was a great actress in comedy and drama genres in the 80´s and 90´s but was only reasonable in the role of the female pirate Morgan Adams. Another problem was to find an actor for Morgan´s slave William Shaw since Matthew Modine was the last choice in a long list of actors that refused the role. It seems that this notorious film was also the responsible for the bankruptcy of Carolco Pictures since the box office was frustrating.Said that, "Cutthroat Island" is indeed an entertaining modern (in 1995) pirate movie, with a good story. The successful franchize "Pirates of the Caribbean" is an improvement of "Cutthroat Island" with better technology, budget and cast. But the stories are equaly entertaining and funny. In the end, forget the bad ratings of professional critics and have a goodtime watching this film. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "A Ilha da Garganta Cortada" ("The Cutthroat Island")', "The film opens in Jamaican coast in 1668While the Port Royal governor wants so badly the lady pirate, Morgan Adams, and will pay well for her, Dawg Brown (Frank Langella) was grabbing Morgan's father Black Harry (Harris Yulin) to take the first piece of a map (split into three separate pieces) to Cutthroat Island, where a treasure of a Spanish gold ship is said to be buried thereEach of the other sections of the map is held by Morgan's two uncles: Dawg-the bad pirate who doesn't want to share the treasure-has the second piece stolen from a now-deceased brother, and Mordachai holds the third at Spittlefied HarborSo to seek the Spanish Treasure and to avenge her father's death, Morgan (Geena Davis) has to join with her uncle Mordachai and fight her murderous uncle to obtain the third part of the mapThe governor of the island (Patrick Malahide) offers Morgan two alternatives: One, an ignominious death on the gallows or she might cut him in for a share of her grandfather's treasureAt the slave market, Morgan was looking for a man who can read Latin So she picked a handsome convict who passes himself off as a physician with a natural pitch for music and a perfect taste in wine His name was William Shaw (Matthew Modine).If you enjoy Seventeenth Century pirate movies, and like to see how 92 million dollars were spent in sea-battles, rope-swinging, slow motion swashbuckling action, cannons with many explosions and many fires, plenty of rum, cove and cliffs, lots of treasure, the destruction of two Jamaican towns, gorgeous ocean vistas and breathtaking visuals don't miss this one!", "Cutthroat Island is a movie that you can just sit back, relax and watch it with a big goofy grin on your face.  Sure it tanked at the box office, but don't disregard it totally.  It's entertaining as hell.  Geena Davis is rather engaging as a female pirate and Frank Langella seemed to be enjoying himself.  Most people will say that this movie can't hold a candle to the pirate films of Errol Flynn, and they're right.  But for a rock em sock em pirate adventure with more explosions than the high seas ever saw, watch Cutthroat Island.", 'Making a valiant stab at becoming an action figure, Geena Davis plays Morgan Adams, a wily, rough & tumble pirate woman who lives for adventure and the like. When her evil Uncle Dawg (Frank Langella) turns on her and her dad, it\'s a race against time for Morgan as she tries to piece together a map that will lead her to Cut-Throat Island, where unimaginable wealth in stolen pirate gold resides. Along the way she is pursued by an evil British officer who goes into cahoots with treacherous crew members and Dawg, aided by a pretty boy Jack-of-all-trades thief named William Shaw (Matthew Modine), and confronted with a series of wildly over the top set pieces that no human being could possibly survive. One of the most expensive flops ever made, this overlong but endearing and even occasionally exciting film deserved much better than what it got in the summer of the mid-90s. Not quite as funny as "Pirates of the Caribbean" but still fun. Already a cardboard cut-out role to begin with, Geena Davis struggles to overcome her natural aura of motherly warmth to play the roughish Morgan, but she plays the part well enough (she really does come across as somebody\'s mother, albeit the kind of mother neighborhood boys fantasize about). It\'s easy to imagine her in the ring with Keira Knightley - who played Elizabeth Swann in "Pirates of the Caribbean" - and to have Geena walloping Keira\'s waif like frame. Matthew Modine has his moments as Shaw and Frank "Dracula/Skeletor" Langella is enjoyably hammy as Dawg.If nothing else, rent it for the expensive sets, fancy costumes, and elaborate, over the top stunts - many of which Davis and Modine did themselves.', "This film was responsible for the bankruptcy of the company behind it, Carolco. Which is a shame, but the film is not as bad as it is rumoured to be. Far from it. It's above average oldfashioned entertainment.The soundtrack alone is a standout. Sweeping and powerful, it serves the plotline well and it's a joy to listen to on its own. Although the characters aren't among the most complex and well defined in movie history, they work (with a couple of exceptions, among them Maury Chaykin as John Reed, whose acting just doesn't match the tone of the film). And then there's the beautifully reconstructed pirate ships, well choreographed action sequences and terrific special effects.\nIn short this is a film that has an unfair rep and it is really worth your time. A great warmup for Pirates of the Caribbean (which hasn't opened yet in this neck of the woods).", 'One film I added to my "Best Films of 1995" list!!I still don\'t know why this film was never a hit.  I mean it was no Best Picture contender, but it was a great action film and it was Renny Harlin at the top of his game!Geenea Davis never looked better and director Renny Harlin has never made a more action packed film since Cutthroat Island or after Cutthroat Island!I saw the film 2xs when it first hit theaters, then bought my copy as soon as it it video (this was before DVD came into play then I up-graded my copy) and I loved it then and I still love it!It\'s just a great ol\' adventure story about a female pirate (Geena Davis looking really good) and her companion race against their rivals to find a hidden island that contains a fabulous treasure.  Whats up against her besides her nasty uncle is a crew that is sceptical of her leadership abilities, so she must complete her quest before they mutiny against her.I think the reason so many critics hated it was because it was a woman doing what men only thought they could do and a woman doing it better!The plot had strong action, great lines and a strong plot with a fiery woman\'s point of view, with lots of action and romance with that ol\' B movie adventure fell that still to this day keeps me on the edge of my seat no matter how many times I watch it!Bravo Renny Harlin and Geena Davis!!Who knows with a stroke of luck and a few movie buffs like me who love this little undiscovered lost treasure of a film it may just one day see the light of day as a un-song hero of pirate films and become a cult classic!One can only hope!', 'Despite being fun to watch and very entertaining, this is not a film that draws me back for many viewings. Maybe it\'s too absurd: a beautiful woman pirate "Morgan Adams" (Geena Davis) punching everyone out at every turn can get a ridiculous and tiresome after awhile. It just an excess of everything, almost cartoon-like.If you haven\'t had enough action in first hour (and you do), the last half really goes crazy with a non-stop battle scene that goes on and on and on.Nevertheless, there are some good things to watch in here besides Davis and her pretty face. the movie was filmed in Malta and in Thailand and features some beautiful island photography. The ship is magnificent and when two ships are side-by-side firing cannons at one another, it\'s an awesome sight and even more awesome sound. You really need to watch this with a good stereo system to appreciate the great audio work in here.Frank Langella also makes for an interestingly effective villain ("Dawg Brown") while Matthew Modine ("William Shaw") chips in with a co-star and male companion for the good guy, er good girl , Davis character.', "Just take this as it is: a fun aventure film to enjoy with a big bowl of popcorn. Geena Davis' natural face and statuesque figure, Thailand's breathtaking beaches/islands, ridiculously entertaining fight and chase scenes, gorgeous pirate ships, a hilarious pet monkey, and memorable characters, they're all a delight to watch. The soundtrack is perfectly suited for it.\nI give this film a 6.5.", 'Who says women can\'t be good pirates? Being a woman certainly doesn\'t stop Morgan Adams (Geena Davis) from plundering and "manning" the high seas. Sure, she\'s a bit incredible at first, but this movie is more about the classic treasure-hunt adventures of Robert Louis Stevenson than any life realities. Just look at the success of Pirates of the Caribbean! At least this movie is far more realistic than that, without any curses and such and...sadly, without the prizewinning role played by Depp. Davis does manage to lend credence to the part of a strong woman who still maintains some rules and beliefs in her pirating. She is the daughter of a pirate captain. Her father is murdered by her uncle, Dawg (Frank Langella), in his search for a mysterious treasure. Apparently, several of the family members each carried a piece of the map to this treasure but none of them wanted to share it and thus, it has remained unfound. Morgan begins a journey to get that which is rightfully her\'s and her shipmates, all while being pursued by the British navy, her uncle, and amorously pursued by a professional thief, William Shaw (Matthew Modine). Cutthroat Island is a new tale of a pirate classic! 8/10']