["Among the thousands of films I have viewed, this movie would rank near the top for sheer entertainment. That's not saying it's the best-made or most intelligent or scariest or funniest or features the best effects, etc. etc. But combine all those and you have a film that's tough to beat when you're looking for 100 minutes of escapist fun.The film features some wild computer-enhanced special effects that were new to its day, but now about 10 years later, it's no big deal. In fact, some of it, such as the lion, look pretty hokey compared to the stuff that's out there now. To me, it was story that was the lure, anyway, not the special effects.Because it's so much fun, this is one of the fastest-moving films I've ever viewed. The time flies by. It's not to be analyzed or given much thought, because it's so ludicrous. You just go along for the wild ride in this fantasy-adventure and get a bunch of laughs and thrills along the way. That's one of the big attractions of this of film: the excellent combination of adventure and comedy.Are there annoying things in this movie? Sure. To me, it was Bonnie Hunt's occult beliefs and too many OMGs and the overdone character of the hunter (Jonathan Hyde). Other than that, I loved the film the first I saw it and every time afterward. I've probably viewed this movie as much as any, simply because it was so entertaining.Robin Williams, David Alan Grier and the two kids, Kristen Dunst and Bradley Pierce, were all great people to watch and share this adventure with. Now THIS is entertainment!", "The smash hit 1995 film Jumanji- based on the children's book- is a great family film. The plot of the story involves a young boy named Alan Parrish who in the 1960's finds a supernatural board game, that was buried underground in the 1800's. Alan is instantly drawn into playing the game, and Sarah-a girl who lives close to him- also joins in the game. After the powers of the game transport young Alan into the jungles of the board game, no one believes Sarah's story of what happened, and everyone suspects foul play. Now in 1995, a girl named Judy (Kirsten Dunst) and her younger brother Peter have been drawn into the game after finding it in the attic of the old Parrish house. When they play however, Alan (Robin Williams) is released from the jungle accidentally when one of the kids rolls a certain number on the dice. Now, with the powers and creatures of Jumanji released, they must finish the game. But to do so, they must find Sarah (Bonnie Hunt), because now it is her turn to roll the dice. After finding her, they must hurry before the town they live in is destroyed and before they all die!Jumanji is great family film, packed with - at the time - great graphics (that now look like a computer game). While some hate this film for being too terrifying for young children, people have forgotten what the rating PG means-PARENTAL GUIDANCE-NOT all ages. So with this in mind guidance is suggested for scary scenes, but I think any child over 3 can enjoy this film. It has no gore or attacks really. Sure, there're some mildly scary scenes, but look at Harry Potter \x96 I think more kids I heard of thought that was scary than Jumanji. Another great thing about Jumanji, is that like Shrek and such films, adults can enjoy it as well. It's not one of those films where you have to suffer through, like many movies coming out today. I think movies like Jumanji are the best of their kind. The acting was great, and Robin Williams is perfect for the role of Alan Parrish, and Bonnie Hunt and him had good chemistry. Kirsten Dunst in this film was further shaping her acting career, to appear in such films now like 'Spider-Man' and the teen movie 'Bring It On.' I honestly forget the name of the kid who plays Judy's brother Peter, but he was okay. I don't think he was great though. Okay, but not great. I doubt as he gets older he'll get a film career much past his teen years. So if you want some good, family fun seeing a movie, rent Jumanji. And remember, PG = Parental Guidance, not All Ages, so do use discretion is your kids don't like mild terror, but I doubt you'll have to, especially on video (I'll admit the theater added some more terror). It's not as terrifying as Ebert stated in his review. With all the movies he's seen, I think he's way off mark. He compared Jumanji to being as suitable as Jaws was for children, but big news Ebert, Jaws WAS rated PG. Anyway, I hate when people think of Jumanji as a 'should be PG-13' because it's not. It's great family fun with loads of laughs, jungle animals and creatures, and just plain hilariousness! 4/5 stars. I loved Jumanji, and I DEFINITELY recommend it to families.", 'I just used to love "Jumanji" as a kid. This was what was Oscar worthy to me, because I loved the special effects and Robin Williams. Even though I think I over did it with the Oscar worthy thoughts, still to this day I enjoy "Jumanji". It\'s a great family film that will make you feel good and have fun with.Robin Williams plays Alan, a boy who when he was little and had a horrible fight with his father plays a game with his friend, Sarah, and the game happens to be cursed causing Alan to get sucked into the game until someone else plays it. Sarah freaking out by just what happened runs home and no one believes her leaving Alan behind for decades in the game. When a new family moves in, Judy and Peter and their Aunt Nora, they find the game and start playing and release Alan who has just survived decades in a jungle. When they realize that they must finish the game to make the horrible curses it brings go away, they find Sarah who is now the town loony, and must play it \'til they finish. But can they do that with all the spiders, elephants, lions, tsunami, vines, stampedes, and an angry hunter? You\'ll just have to wait and see.This is a great movie for the family and I\'d highly recommend it for a good watch. It\'s just a fun fill adventure with great effects and some fun performances by Robin and Bonnie and a very young Kirsten Dunst. So sit back, grab the popcorn, and enjoy "Jumanji"! 8/10', 'You know the drill: young Alan Parrish gets sucked into a board game called Jumanji, returns when a brother and sister are playing 26 years later, and has to battle the animals that wreak havoc on the town. It all seems pretty simple, but they play some neat tricks with it in the movie. As the adult Alan, Robin Williams is more subdued than usual, but still makes the character admirable. With good support from Bonnie Hunt, Kirsten Dunst, David Alan Grier, Bebe Neuwirth, Jonathan Hyde and Patricia Clarkson, this is a pretty interesting movie. I will admit that the monkeys looked pretty fake, but we can\'t dwell on that in this movie; the point is to enjoy oneself while watching it.Oh and one more thing: from "Jumanji", I learned the difference between alligators and crocodiles.', 'In Bradford, New Hampshire, in 1969, the bullied boy Alan Parrish overhears drumbeats and finds a boarding game called "Jumanji" that was buried one hundred years ago by two boys in the real estate of Alan\'s father Sam Parrish (Jonathan Hyde). Alan plays the game with his sweetheart Sarah Whittle and vanishes while Sarah flees from bats that have arrived in his mansion. In the present days, in 1995, Nora Shepherd (Bebe Neuwirth) moves to the abandoned house that belonged to Sam Parrish with her orphan niece Judy Shepherd (Kirsten Dunst) and nephew Peter Shepherd (Bradley Pierce) that lost their parents in a car accident in Canada. They hear the drumbeats, find the Jumanji and decide to play the boarding game. They bring giant mosquitoes, monkeys, a lion and Alan Parrish (Robin Williams) back home twenty-six years older. Soon they discover that they need to finish the game to restore everything the way they were. But the game is too dangerous and brings different threats to them and to Bradford while they play. "Jumanji" is a delightful adventure and family entertainment from the 90\'s. The story is original and the special effects are still great after twenty years. It is so good to see Robin Williams again and curious to recall Kirsten Dunst still a girl. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Jumanji"', "I watched this classic in 2021 for the first time. Trust me, I never felt like old boring stuff. It was truly amazing. Nor, after watching the Jumanji movies till now except for this, did I find this one to be similar. It was different. It was Classical. It was a great show. Fantastical Fantasy. Good adventure although latest ones have lot more. However, this, suprised me considering I had made up my mind of what Jumanji could be. But this was truly amazing. Although latest ones have great cast, next level VFX, astounding adventure, this one's the best. I do love the first part of the latest ones that came in 2017, I'd find rather take a tie between the two than selecting one. Thank you. However, lemme tell you, it was leaving Prime, so I watched and it was worth it.", "I have not seen this movie in more then a decade perhaps even more so it was pretty new to me again. Sure I remembered a few things here and there but I didn't remember the amount of CGI for a movie made in 1995 or how well the story was.The CGI is of course very dated compared to now but for its time this movie was amazing! The story for a movie that revolves around a board game is a very interesting concept and very well told. The acting by a young Kirsten Dunst and comedic Robin Williams and the rest of the cast is very well done.This is a great movie and if you have children between the ages of 7 to 13 I would bet they'd like it too.", 'While I try not to take IMDb ratings to heart, I do think the rating for this film is too low. The film is absolutely fantastic in all departments. I will admit, there are some bits that are quite scary due to some scenes that are amazingly dark. The film does start off slowly, but when the film fast forwards to twenty six years later, the film turns into fast-paced family entertainment. Other than one or two scary scenes and the slow beginning, I could find very little wrong with Jumanji. The story is great, very intriguing and filled with humour, scares and poignancy. The cinematography and scenery are constantly breathtaking, and the special effects are extraordinary. The film is aided by a hilarious and poignant script, spirited direction, atmspheric music and the fact that it goes at a very fast pace. Even the acting was great, with Robin Williams in one of his best performances as Alan Parrish. While he is subtle in places, the director allows him to be funny, which is what he does best. Bonnie Hunt is good too and she and Williams have great chemistry, and Bradley Pierce and Kirsten Dunst are cute and lively. Plus the ending is nice and satisfying. All in all, I love this movie, even with its very minor problems, it is non-stop fast paced family entertainment. 9/10 Bethany Cox', 'In 1969, in a small town in New Hampshire, a twelve-year-old boy named Alan Parrish finds a Victorian-era board game called "Jumanji", and starts to play it with his friend Sarah. What the children do not realise, however, is that the game has strange, mysterious powers, and when Alan\'s token lands on a particular square he is suddenly sucked into the game. Unsurprisingly traumatised by the disappearance of her friend, Sarah runs out of the house shrieking, leaving the game unfinished.Twenty-six years later two more children, Peter and Judy, orphaned by the death of their parents in a car crash, move into the former Parrish family home with their Aunt Nora. They find the old Jumanji set and start playing the game; when Peter rolls a five Alan suddenly reappears, now a grown man. He explains to them that he has been trapped inside the game for the last twenty-six years and that they must now finish the game which he and Sarah started. This, however, is easier said than done. Not only must the children find Sarah and persuade her to take part, they must also cope with the magical effects of the game. Each roll of the dice results in strange happenings in keeping with the game\'s jungle adventure theme; animals such as lions, monkeys, elephants and rhinoceroses suddenly materialise and proceed to wreak havoc in the town. Just as deadly is a white hunter named Van Pelt who will take pot-shots at anything that moves, animal or human.The big-name star in this film is Robin Williams, although it also features a young Kirsten Dunst, later to become a big name herself. This isn\'t Williams\' best role- I generally prefer him in his more serious films like "Dead Poet\'s Society" or "Good Morning, Vietnam"- but it\'s a lot better than many of his comedies, which can descend into either silliness or sentimentality.This is the sort of family film that offers something to entertain the adults as well as the children, and has some underlying serious themes. The main theme is that of courage and of confronting one\'s fears; the horrors unleashed by the game can (if one is in a particularly serious, analytic frame of mind) be seen as symbolic of the problems that the characters need to overcome. Although (or perhaps because) he is from a wealthy, privileged family, the young Alan is a shy, lonely boy who finds it difficult to make friends and who is neglected by his cold, distant parents. Nevertheless, he does win his father\'s approval when he finds the courage to stand up to a gang of bullies who have been tormenting him. There is doubtless some Freudian significance in the fact that Alan\'s father and the murderous Van Pelt are played by the same actor.Children, of course, could not care less about Freudian symbolism and are generally allergic to underlying serious themes. When I was a child the one thing that would kill a book or a film stone dead for me was the suspicion that it was being used by the adult world to preach some morally improving message to me. (C.S. Lewis was a particular bête noire of mine after an intellectually precocious classmate, who even at the age of nine cherished the long-term ambition to become Archbishop of Canterbury, pointed out to me the Christian allegory behind the "Narnia" stories).Fortunately, any moralising in "Jumanji" is fairly light, and I suspect that children will simply see it as an exciting adventure story, even if the final twist in the tale involves the intellectually difficult concept of "alternative timelines". The special effects used to create the scenes of the rampaging animals seem to have aroused some excitement when the film first came out, although thirteen years on they have a rather retro, nineties feel to them. (And from the point of view of today\'s techno-literate youngsters the 1990s probably seem only slightly less technologically backward than the 1890s). 7/10']["Among the thousands of films I have viewed, this movie would rank near the top for sheer entertainment. That's not saying it's the best-made or most intelligent or scariest or funniest or features the best effects, etc. etc. But combine all those and you have a film that's tough to beat when you're looking for 100 minutes of escapist fun.The film features some wild computer-enhanced special effects that were new to its day, but now about 10 years later, it's no big deal. In fact, some of it, such as the lion, look pretty hokey compared to the stuff that's out there now. To me, it was story that was the lure, anyway, not the special effects.Because it's so much fun, this is one of the fastest-moving films I've ever viewed. The time flies by. It's not to be analyzed or given much thought, because it's so ludicrous. You just go along for the wild ride in this fantasy-adventure and get a bunch of laughs and thrills along the way. That's one of the big attractions of this of film: the excellent combination of adventure and comedy.Are there annoying things in this movie? Sure. To me, it was Bonnie Hunt's occult beliefs and too many OMGs and the overdone character of the hunter (Jonathan Hyde). Other than that, I loved the film the first I saw it and every time afterward. I've probably viewed this movie as much as any, simply because it was so entertaining.Robin Williams, David Alan Grier and the two kids, Kristen Dunst and Bradley Pierce, were all great people to watch and share this adventure with. Now THIS is entertainment!", "The smash hit 1995 film Jumanji- based on the children's book- is a great family film. The plot of the story involves a young boy named Alan Parrish who in the 1960's finds a supernatural board game, that was buried underground in the 1800's. Alan is instantly drawn into playing the game, and Sarah-a girl who lives close to him- also joins in the game. After the powers of the game transport young Alan into the jungles of the board game, no one believes Sarah's story of what happened, and everyone suspects foul play. Now in 1995, a girl named Judy (Kirsten Dunst) and her younger brother Peter have been drawn into the game after finding it in the attic of the old Parrish house. When they play however, Alan (Robin Williams) is released from the jungle accidentally when one of the kids rolls a certain number on the dice. Now, with the powers and creatures of Jumanji released, they must finish the game. But to do so, they must find Sarah (Bonnie Hunt), because now it is her turn to roll the dice. After finding her, they must hurry before the town they live in is destroyed and before they all die!Jumanji is great family film, packed with - at the time - great graphics (that now look like a computer game). While some hate this film for being too terrifying for young children, people have forgotten what the rating PG means-PARENTAL GUIDANCE-NOT all ages. So with this in mind guidance is suggested for scary scenes, but I think any child over 3 can enjoy this film. It has no gore or attacks really. Sure, there're some mildly scary scenes, but look at Harry Potter \x96 I think more kids I heard of thought that was scary than Jumanji. Another great thing about Jumanji, is that like Shrek and such films, adults can enjoy it as well. It's not one of those films where you have to suffer through, like many movies coming out today. I think movies like Jumanji are the best of their kind. The acting was great, and Robin Williams is perfect for the role of Alan Parrish, and Bonnie Hunt and him had good chemistry. Kirsten Dunst in this film was further shaping her acting career, to appear in such films now like 'Spider-Man' and the teen movie 'Bring It On.' I honestly forget the name of the kid who plays Judy's brother Peter, but he was okay. I don't think he was great though. Okay, but not great. I doubt as he gets older he'll get a film career much past his teen years. So if you want some good, family fun seeing a movie, rent Jumanji. And remember, PG = Parental Guidance, not All Ages, so do use discretion is your kids don't like mild terror, but I doubt you'll have to, especially on video (I'll admit the theater added some more terror). It's not as terrifying as Ebert stated in his review. With all the movies he's seen, I think he's way off mark. He compared Jumanji to being as suitable as Jaws was for children, but big news Ebert, Jaws WAS rated PG. Anyway, I hate when people think of Jumanji as a 'should be PG-13' because it's not. It's great family fun with loads of laughs, jungle animals and creatures, and just plain hilariousness! 4/5 stars. I loved Jumanji, and I DEFINITELY recommend it to families.", 'I just used to love "Jumanji" as a kid. This was what was Oscar worthy to me, because I loved the special effects and Robin Williams. Even though I think I over did it with the Oscar worthy thoughts, still to this day I enjoy "Jumanji". It\'s a great family film that will make you feel good and have fun with.Robin Williams plays Alan, a boy who when he was little and had a horrible fight with his father plays a game with his friend, Sarah, and the game happens to be cursed causing Alan to get sucked into the game until someone else plays it. Sarah freaking out by just what happened runs home and no one believes her leaving Alan behind for decades in the game. When a new family moves in, Judy and Peter and their Aunt Nora, they find the game and start playing and release Alan who has just survived decades in a jungle. When they realize that they must finish the game to make the horrible curses it brings go away, they find Sarah who is now the town loony, and must play it \'til they finish. But can they do that with all the spiders, elephants, lions, tsunami, vines, stampedes, and an angry hunter? You\'ll just have to wait and see.This is a great movie for the family and I\'d highly recommend it for a good watch. It\'s just a fun fill adventure with great effects and some fun performances by Robin and Bonnie and a very young Kirsten Dunst. So sit back, grab the popcorn, and enjoy "Jumanji"! 8/10', 'You know the drill: young Alan Parrish gets sucked into a board game called Jumanji, returns when a brother and sister are playing 26 years later, and has to battle the animals that wreak havoc on the town. It all seems pretty simple, but they play some neat tricks with it in the movie. As the adult Alan, Robin Williams is more subdued than usual, but still makes the character admirable. With good support from Bonnie Hunt, Kirsten Dunst, David Alan Grier, Bebe Neuwirth, Jonathan Hyde and Patricia Clarkson, this is a pretty interesting movie. I will admit that the monkeys looked pretty fake, but we can\'t dwell on that in this movie; the point is to enjoy oneself while watching it.Oh and one more thing: from "Jumanji", I learned the difference between alligators and crocodiles.', 'In Bradford, New Hampshire, in 1969, the bullied boy Alan Parrish overhears drumbeats and finds a boarding game called "Jumanji" that was buried one hundred years ago by two boys in the real estate of Alan\'s father Sam Parrish (Jonathan Hyde). Alan plays the game with his sweetheart Sarah Whittle and vanishes while Sarah flees from bats that have arrived in his mansion. In the present days, in 1995, Nora Shepherd (Bebe Neuwirth) moves to the abandoned house that belonged to Sam Parrish with her orphan niece Judy Shepherd (Kirsten Dunst) and nephew Peter Shepherd (Bradley Pierce) that lost their parents in a car accident in Canada. They hear the drumbeats, find the Jumanji and decide to play the boarding game. They bring giant mosquitoes, monkeys, a lion and Alan Parrish (Robin Williams) back home twenty-six years older. Soon they discover that they need to finish the game to restore everything the way they were. But the game is too dangerous and brings different threats to them and to Bradford while they play. "Jumanji" is a delightful adventure and family entertainment from the 90\'s. The story is original and the special effects are still great after twenty years. It is so good to see Robin Williams again and curious to recall Kirsten Dunst still a girl. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Jumanji"', "I watched this classic in 2021 for the first time. Trust me, I never felt like old boring stuff. It was truly amazing. Nor, after watching the Jumanji movies till now except for this, did I find this one to be similar. It was different. It was Classical. It was a great show. Fantastical Fantasy. Good adventure although latest ones have lot more. However, this, suprised me considering I had made up my mind of what Jumanji could be. But this was truly amazing. Although latest ones have great cast, next level VFX, astounding adventure, this one's the best. I do love the first part of the latest ones that came in 2017, I'd find rather take a tie between the two than selecting one. Thank you. However, lemme tell you, it was leaving Prime, so I watched and it was worth it.", "I have not seen this movie in more then a decade perhaps even more so it was pretty new to me again. Sure I remembered a few things here and there but I didn't remember the amount of CGI for a movie made in 1995 or how well the story was.The CGI is of course very dated compared to now but for its time this movie was amazing! The story for a movie that revolves around a board game is a very interesting concept and very well told. The acting by a young Kirsten Dunst and comedic Robin Williams and the rest of the cast is very well done.This is a great movie and if you have children between the ages of 7 to 13 I would bet they'd like it too.", 'While I try not to take IMDb ratings to heart, I do think the rating for this film is too low. The film is absolutely fantastic in all departments. I will admit, there are some bits that are quite scary due to some scenes that are amazingly dark. The film does start off slowly, but when the film fast forwards to twenty six years later, the film turns into fast-paced family entertainment. Other than one or two scary scenes and the slow beginning, I could find very little wrong with Jumanji. The story is great, very intriguing and filled with humour, scares and poignancy. The cinematography and scenery are constantly breathtaking, and the special effects are extraordinary. The film is aided by a hilarious and poignant script, spirited direction, atmspheric music and the fact that it goes at a very fast pace. Even the acting was great, with Robin Williams in one of his best performances as Alan Parrish. While he is subtle in places, the director allows him to be funny, which is what he does best. Bonnie Hunt is good too and she and Williams have great chemistry, and Bradley Pierce and Kirsten Dunst are cute and lively. Plus the ending is nice and satisfying. All in all, I love this movie, even with its very minor problems, it is non-stop fast paced family entertainment. 9/10 Bethany Cox', 'In 1969, in a small town in New Hampshire, a twelve-year-old boy named Alan Parrish finds a Victorian-era board game called "Jumanji", and starts to play it with his friend Sarah. What the children do not realise, however, is that the game has strange, mysterious powers, and when Alan\'s token lands on a particular square he is suddenly sucked into the game. Unsurprisingly traumatised by the disappearance of her friend, Sarah runs out of the house shrieking, leaving the game unfinished.Twenty-six years later two more children, Peter and Judy, orphaned by the death of their parents in a car crash, move into the former Parrish family home with their Aunt Nora. They find the old Jumanji set and start playing the game; when Peter rolls a five Alan suddenly reappears, now a grown man. He explains to them that he has been trapped inside the game for the last twenty-six years and that they must now finish the game which he and Sarah started. This, however, is easier said than done. Not only must the children find Sarah and persuade her to take part, they must also cope with the magical effects of the game. Each roll of the dice results in strange happenings in keeping with the game\'s jungle adventure theme; animals such as lions, monkeys, elephants and rhinoceroses suddenly materialise and proceed to wreak havoc in the town. Just as deadly is a white hunter named Van Pelt who will take pot-shots at anything that moves, animal or human.The big-name star in this film is Robin Williams, although it also features a young Kirsten Dunst, later to become a big name herself. This isn\'t Williams\' best role- I generally prefer him in his more serious films like "Dead Poet\'s Society" or "Good Morning, Vietnam"- but it\'s a lot better than many of his comedies, which can descend into either silliness or sentimentality.This is the sort of family film that offers something to entertain the adults as well as the children, and has some underlying serious themes. The main theme is that of courage and of confronting one\'s fears; the horrors unleashed by the game can (if one is in a particularly serious, analytic frame of mind) be seen as symbolic of the problems that the characters need to overcome. Although (or perhaps because) he is from a wealthy, privileged family, the young Alan is a shy, lonely boy who finds it difficult to make friends and who is neglected by his cold, distant parents. Nevertheless, he does win his father\'s approval when he finds the courage to stand up to a gang of bullies who have been tormenting him. There is doubtless some Freudian significance in the fact that Alan\'s father and the murderous Van Pelt are played by the same actor.Children, of course, could not care less about Freudian symbolism and are generally allergic to underlying serious themes. When I was a child the one thing that would kill a book or a film stone dead for me was the suspicion that it was being used by the adult world to preach some morally improving message to me. (C.S. Lewis was a particular bête noire of mine after an intellectually precocious classmate, who even at the age of nine cherished the long-term ambition to become Archbishop of Canterbury, pointed out to me the Christian allegory behind the "Narnia" stories).Fortunately, any moralising in "Jumanji" is fairly light, and I suspect that children will simply see it as an exciting adventure story, even if the final twist in the tale involves the intellectually difficult concept of "alternative timelines". The special effects used to create the scenes of the rampaging animals seem to have aroused some excitement when the film first came out, although thirteen years on they have a rather retro, nineties feel to them. (And from the point of view of today\'s techno-literate youngsters the 1990s probably seem only slightly less technologically backward than the 1890s). 7/10']