['This is one of the best films of the 90\'s hands down. Without a doubt this has become one of my favorite movies. I\'m not sure why really, I just love it. I think because I read the book and a lot of what happened in real life happened in my little town in Chicago. No names, and my old boss who runs our town grocery store actually knew "Ace". Again, no names. That was always pretty cool to me, since my town really didn\'t have much excitement. I guess also because I\'m a huge fan of Martin, Robert, and Joe\'s. When they work together, they create masterpieces. I\'ve read a lot of comments on IMDb, and more than 50% of the comments are calling this "Goodfells Part 2". Is it "Goodfellas Part 2", in my opinion, no. Yes, it\'s very similar situations, but it\'s not the same plot. It\'s a little more gory and more bright. "Casino" is mainly about the rise and fall of Las Vegas. When Robert DeNiro\'s character says "It\'s more like Disney Land now". Actually that\'s true, it\'s not like it used to be. I\'m only 20, but my mom and dad told me how different the times were in the 60\'s and 70\'s. Everyone was more close and wanted to know who you were and how everything was going. Everything is more corporate greed now-a-days. But back onto the movie, it does have gangsta\'s in it, and with that comes some pretty gruesome violence.Robert DeNiro. No words can describe how wonderful of an actor he is. If you read in most of my comments, you can tell I\'m a fan. This movie is actually what made me into a huge fan of his. He\'s dialog and image is very powerful and you understand his position. You want to love him, even though technically he\'s a bad guy too, you still think he is so cool. A lot of people I talked too: the guys wanted to be him and the girls wanted to be with him. What a performance, it deserved more praise.Joe does it again being the A$$hole who thinks with his gun and not with his head. Joe as an actor is very remarkable. He\'s only 5\' 6\'\', but he is so intimidating. His speech in the desert with Ace and the big confrontation. "You want me to get out of my own town?! Don\'t *bleep* with me, Ace!" Does he swear in this movie? Oh, yeah. A lot, we\'re talking 400+ f-words, guys. But you get past the vulgar language and just enjoy what Joe says and does. The head vice scene and the metal bat scene with Joe is two of the most disturbing scenes in cinematic history.Sharon Stone, what can I say? What a remarkable performance! She was very much robbed of her deserved Oscar. I was reading in my "Rober DeNiro: A history of his films" that Sharon over shined both Joe\'s and Robert\'s performance. In some ways that is very true. She plays a gold-digging, druggie, drunk, hustling, whore. She is very glamorous in the film though, she is covered in beautiful gowns and jewelery that no guy could ever resist. Her first scene where Robert first sees her and she is stealing chips from a guy who has "hired" her for a night was extremely effective. You can see why Ace fell so hard for her. What a terrific performance in the end. When she screams at Ace "I will go to the FBI! I will go to the police! I\'m not protecting you anymore!", you get scarred and can\'t help but watch more even though you are sitting on your butt for more than 2 1/2 hours. You hate her character so much, you want her to get what\'s coming to her, that\'s what makes a terrific performance. When you actually want to make sure that this character gets the justice he or she deserves. Sharon, I apologize, you deserved more praise as well.Martin Scorcesse. One of the greatest living directors of our time. This film was very wonderfully made with great visuals. The soundtrack really adds a lot, I\'m telling you, and the theatrical trailer with the song "Gimme Shelter" by the Rolling Stones, what a great feel. Martin has been nominated several times for an Oscar, but they snub him. I think because his films are so violent and typical. But they remain classics. I\'m disappointed with the Oscars, this man deserves more. Whew. "Casino" is an excellent movie that I highly recommend for mob movie lovers. Don\'t compare this to "Goodfellas", let it stand on it\'s own. But please, this is not a movie for children in any manor. For the parents, this is a movie that should be on the wait until the later teens. It\'s very violent, we\'re talking a head in a vice, a beating with a metal bat(just to name a few violent scenes, there\'s more)drugs, sex, and very vulgar language. This is for adults only!It\'s a great movie that deserves very much to be on the top 250. I\'d like to see it in the top 100, but we\'ll see. 10/10', 'I generally avoid violent films...which is why I resisted watching "Casino" for a long time. However, despite being very violent in spots, the film turned out to be very compelling....it was far more than just violence and had an interesting look at the mob influence in Las Vegas back in the day.The film is unusual in that it has two leading men with parallel stories. Sometimes Ace and Nicky (Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci) were in scenes together....often they were apart...each doing his own thing. As for Ace, he was a smart man who was in charge of one of Vegas\' top casinos. He was tough...but basically honest for a mobster. As for Nicky, as you\'d expect with a Joe Pesci character, he\'s a bit of a nut-job....often out of control and letting anger govern most of his decisions. Unlike Ace who had a veneer of honesty about him, Nicky was a hood...and didn\'t mind this. Eventually, the pair end up having a downfall. How and what happens to each you\'ll have to see for yourself.The parts of this film I enjoyed the most were when you learned about how Vegas operated. Seeing Ace dealing with crooked gamblers was especially interesting. And, in this sense, I enjoyed the film much more than "Goodfellas"...also with the same stars and same director. This is because "Goodfellas" was mostly just about violence and crime...whereas "Casino" seemed to have more story and wasn\'t always about excessive violence and nastiness...not that the film is in any way a \'nice\' picture. It\'s filled with obscenities, nasty folks and a few scenes of horrific violence. Think about this before you decide whether or not to see the movie.By the way, this is only a personal choice and doesn\'t really affect the movie much, but one thing I did not love about the film is the omnipresent pop music....which at times made the film seem like a music video. I think less of this would have been nice.', 'I saw Goodfellas first and more times than Casino. Yet, I totally love Casino as it is one of the best movies I have literally ever seen. I find Goodfellas to be overrated and Casino to be the movie that learned from the former\'s flaws.Something I really do think (more than my own opinion) is that if this was released before Goodfellas, this would be more liked. No new ground was broken, everything was just elevated.Robert De Niro gives his most underrated performance--as well as the second best of the year (behind Nicolas Cage in Leaving Las Vegas)-- as Sam "Ace" Rothstein. Ace is an unbeatable gambler who secures the mob\'s casino shenanigans while his lifelong best friend, Nicky Santoro (Pesci) keeps everybody in line. The only real difference between Nicky and Tommy from Goodfellas is Tommy has curlier hair. There\'s divided opinion on who is crazier/more violent. I lean towards Nicky. Ace helps the casino grow and eventually seizes full power by becoming the owner. Nicky\'s wild and crazy antics get him banned from every Las Vegas casino, so he decides to create his own. Meanwhile, Ace blindly falls for a beautiful prostitute named Ginger (Stone) and they get married. Her habits don\'t change and Ace does all he can to help her out. The love story in this is amazing. Ginger is unlikeable but we can\'t turn away from her. Her and Nicky both contribute to Ace\'s fall as well as the rise of other casinos in Vegas.One easy thing I loved was the performance by Robert De Niro. He is very likable and my heart breaks every time he is screwed over by Ginger and Nicky. He was easily a better lead than Ray Liotta and his character was more likable and deeper than Jimmy. In fact, all three of our leads in this are much deeper developed than the leads in Goodfellas. Ray Liotta is a dummy who is not cut out to be a mobster, while we see the conviction in Ace as he tries to make everything work out. Casino is also much more flashy and nicer too look at than Goodfellas which takes place in New York. The music in this is not distracting or overpowering. The filming is a step up. the flow is much better. And the story is superior. This has more of a linear and stable story than Goodfellas, which is just a man\'s escapades in the mafia. Everybody that watches Casino is impacted more than Goodfellas. To watch Casino, you have to be in a mood and well prepared. A movie has really done its job if it does that to a viewer, and actually has a purpose for its content.4/4', 'A complex, multilayered, beautifully directed film, Martin Scorsese\'s Casino is a masterpiece of destruction and betrayal. Few films take so many chances and succeed so wonderfully. It takes some of the basic formulas that were found in Goodfellas and applies them to another type of story - while Goodfellas\' view was ground-level, telling the story of the "blue collar" gangsters of NYC, this film tells the story of the guys who controlled those guys. And it\'s fascinating to watch these people run Las Vegas, control the flow of money, and then fall from the heights of power due to lust, hubris, and greed. An amazing film that will hopefully get the recognition it deserves in the years to come.', 'Based on a true story, Martin Scorsese "Casino" is a motion picture about two characters and their chance to rule the desert paradise of Las Vegas\x85 We are introduced in with all the lights, the noise, the flashing and the colors of the town that doesn\'t sleep day or night\x85 De Niro\'s character, Sam \'Ace\' Rothstein, is based on Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal, who was a hell of a handicapper\x85 He was so good that whenever he bets, he could change the odds for every bookmaker in the country\x85 Genius at what he was doing with numbers, he proved to a lot of guys in the Chicago Mob that he was a tremendous earner that he could make a lot of money for them\x85 As a result, he was able to accomplish whatever bookmaking, handicapping, he wanted to do, with the umbrella of protection from those guys\x85 \'Ace\' runs the casino with an iron fist refusing any outside people cheating at his tables\x85But he had a fatal flaw\x85 \'Ace\' always felt that he could logically and intelligently deal with things, even to deal with emotions\x85 So he decides on making a life with a woman who, he knows, does not necessarily love him\x85 Anyway with such a sexy wife and money to burn, \'Ace\' was the epitome of opulence, confidence and power\x85 Ginger McKenna (Sharon Stone) was fascinating\x85 Great woman, truly beautiful, one of the best-known hustlers in town\x85 For her, a guy like \'Ace\' was the ultimate score\x85 So the way to Ginger\'s heart was clearly money\x85 \'Ace\' knew that but he didn\'t care\x85What he wanted was to marry her\x85 Sharon Stone really stood up to the challenge in her role as a casino hustler who is so wild\x85 She was young, fresh, confident, looking absolutely fantastic as the independent woman whom everybody desires\x85Joe Pesci succeeds in his scary tough role as the strong man who has nerve, and isn\'t afraid of the cops\x85 He was reportedly a mob hit man reputed to be a sadistic killer\x85 (In one scene, his character is shown torturing someone by putting his head in a vise.) To protect his friend and adviser, Nicky (Pesci) would beat to a pulp any street guys who messed with \'Ace\' or didn\'t give him the proper respect\x85 Over the course of their friendship Nicky delivered a number of these messages always making sure that \'Ace\' didn\'t get his hands dirty\x85 \'Ace\' witnessed several beatings on his behalf\x85 Nicky\'s mission was to show his worth to the family as an enforcer\x85The clothes on De Niro looked very straight, more dangerous and very threatening\x85 They were very important cues to his character, and again, to the progression of the story\x85 \'Ace\' was an extremely fastidious guy\x85 And, of course, as you follow the story he starts out in more conservative colors and as things become more chaotic, the colors become more chaotic', 'Martin Scorsese\'s Casino has all the ingredients for a great crime film. It\'s got hits, bad language, Robert DeNiro, gambling, lots of Italian Americans - it\'s all there. Furthermore, it\'s got a great soundtrack, the Las Vegas setting makes for a great location and the acting is largely very good...but somehow, this just isn\'t a great film. Scorsese has missed the mark thanks to a lack of emotion. There is no reason to care for the characters in this movie, and that makes the film hard to connect with on the whole. The movie also follows the common Scorsese format, in that some guy gets rich and respected, then something bad happens and he finds himself back where he started. In fact, the ending of this movie is only an "I\'m a schmo" away from being a complete copy of Goodfellas. Still, at least the movie manages to stay interesting for most of it\'s runtime, and it\'s easy to forgive the flaws when you\'re watching Joe Pesci threatening someone who\'s head he\'s jammed into a vice.Casino lasts almost three hours, and it\'s fair to say therefore that this movie is overlong. It\'s not so bad for the first two hours, but once the film enters the final third; cracks begin to appear and the film isn\'t as interesting as it was, not much unlike Goodfellas; which also suffered from a trite final third. Tarantino\'s influence on cinema is felt in this movie, and that is obvious from the way that Scorsese has seen fit to saturate the movie in \'cool\' old classics. Still, some of these songs; such as Fleetwood Mac\'s "Go Your Own Way" and The Animals\' "The House of the Rising Sun" are really good songs and actually bode well with the action on screen. For this movie, Martin Scorsese has re-recruited the excellent pairing of Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci, and both give their trademark excellent performances in this film. Casino may well be DeNiro\'s last great performance before he went on his downward spiral, which started with the fellow 1995 movie "Heat". On the whole, while this film is technically sound, it lacks emotional bite and there will be times during the film when your interest will trail off. It\'s an entertaining ride, but it\'s one that is ultimately shallow.', 'I have to admit my bias, because I believe that Scorcese cannot do wrong - ever.  Even his lesser-known or critically panned films are above the "great film" line, and Casino is certainly no exception. Casino spans three decades and chronicles the true story of a faction of the mob who ran Las Vegas casinos.  Robert DeNiro plays Ace Rothstein, a fantastic bookie who is chosen to run the Tangiers hotel and casino.  Along the way, he marries a drug-addicted con-artist trophy wife (Sharon Stone) and struggles with his friendship with loose-cannon Nicky Santoro (Joe Pesci).  Rothstein is a complicated figure in that he is not a heavy, yet he wields a lot of power due to the respect he has gained from his mob bosses back home.  Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci are both fantastic in their roles, and Sharon Stone actually turned out a non-irritating performance.  As the viewer, you can\'t stand her, but that is the point.  Scorcese\'s normal supporting cast are also involved in this film, including his great mother - even though she usually has incredibly minimal roles, they are always memorable.\nScorcese seems to have several different directing styles, and Casino follows in the tradition of Goodfellas as a pseudo-documentary.  A lot of the exposition is revealed by the characters themselves in the form of voice-overs, and several scenes are filmed in documentarian fashion.  The entire production however, is sleek and very quick.  The use of music bears mentioning as well: Most Martin Scorcese films have an amazing soundtrack that adds to and enhances the scene.  Being a child of the MTV age, I\'m a sucker for good uses of music in films and Scorcese is a master.  Scorcese doesn\'t just utilize the soundtrack, he makes it part of the storytelling - by the music, we chronologically know what time period we are witnessing, since one cannot rely on other factors, such as fashion alone.  One of my favorite scenes in film which effectively involves music is actually from Casino - the very intense scene when the relationship between DeNiro, Stone and Pesci come to a head in the climax of the film. The pounding music cut throughout this scene is a cover of "Satisfaction" by Devo and the result is absolutely brilliant.  Being a complete film geek, I generally don\'t go to films that feature certain stars, I go to films by certain directors and Scorcese is one of them.  While this was probably the tenth time I\'d seen this film there were more things I noticed, and I\'m sure I\'ll notice more upon my eleventh viewing.  The man is a complete genius, and a gift to film - my suggestion is to watch some of his films, then check out his unbelievable series, "A Personal Journey with Martin Scorcese Through American Movies" which was done the same year as Casino.  The series is essentially a primer on the history of film, sectioned off by film genres.  You not only will experience his amazing intellect and massive knowledge of film history, but his incredible humility as well.--Shelly', "If you haven't seen Casino yet, stop whatever it is you're doing, rush to the nearest video store, rent it, and watch it.  Along with Mean Streets Casino is probably Scorsese's most underrated and unheralded picture.  I would also venture to say that this is probably his most ambitious film. The film deals with a particular time period and a particular atmosphere and accomplishes an overwhelming achievement by creating and accurately portraying both.  The art direction is splendid, most likely the best of any film Scorsese has ever done.  The acting is superb.  I never thought Pesci would be able to top his dynamic performance in Raging Bull until I saw Casino.  Every time I watch this picture I fall in love with it all over again.  This is the most honest depiction of Las Vegas, especially of the time period it was portrayed in.  Scorsese's direction is flawless. Perhaps it is because I watch alot of Scorsese and Kubrick films, but I am becoming less satisfied with plot driven films and more enamored by films that possess the freedom that typical stories just don't seem to hold.  Sharon Stone gives the best performance of her career, and as far as the editing is concerned, well if you believe like Kubrick and Pudovkin that a film is not shot, but built who better to have on your team than long time cohort, collaborator, and editor Thelma Schoonmaker.  Ultimately, the genius of Scorsese is not just in the mastery of the medium, but in the understanding and appreciation for the necessity of great collaborators on all levels that Scorsese has consistently utilized throughout his career.  Casino exemplifies not only the best of a Scorsese film, but transcends it.  This film is truly a gem.", 'Scorsese, De Niro and Pesci team up again for a amazing movie with unforgettable performances.The film portrays Las Vegas at a time when it was dominated by the mafia, extremely well directed by Scorsese, that film shows Robert De Niro as manager of the Tangiers Casino who have to deal with his unstable wife that used to be a high-class prostitute but who can not forget her pimp Lester and with his childhood friend Nicky that is taking the city with extreme uncontrolled violence bringing a bad image to the plans that the mafia has in Las Vegas.Sharon Stone definitely give the best performance of her career in this film and the secondary characters convey very well the image of the great leaders of the mafia.Casino is a classic and a must-see movie.']['This is one of the best films of the 90\'s hands down. Without a doubt this has become one of my favorite movies. I\'m not sure why really, I just love it. I think because I read the book and a lot of what happened in real life happened in my little town in Chicago. No names, and my old boss who runs our town grocery store actually knew "Ace". Again, no names. That was always pretty cool to me, since my town really didn\'t have much excitement. I guess also because I\'m a huge fan of Martin, Robert, and Joe\'s. When they work together, they create masterpieces. I\'ve read a lot of comments on IMDb, and more than 50% of the comments are calling this "Goodfells Part 2". Is it "Goodfellas Part 2", in my opinion, no. Yes, it\'s very similar situations, but it\'s not the same plot. It\'s a little more gory and more bright. "Casino" is mainly about the rise and fall of Las Vegas. When Robert DeNiro\'s character says "It\'s more like Disney Land now". Actually that\'s true, it\'s not like it used to be. I\'m only 20, but my mom and dad told me how different the times were in the 60\'s and 70\'s. Everyone was more close and wanted to know who you were and how everything was going. Everything is more corporate greed now-a-days. But back onto the movie, it does have gangsta\'s in it, and with that comes some pretty gruesome violence.Robert DeNiro. No words can describe how wonderful of an actor he is. If you read in most of my comments, you can tell I\'m a fan. This movie is actually what made me into a huge fan of his. He\'s dialog and image is very powerful and you understand his position. You want to love him, even though technically he\'s a bad guy too, you still think he is so cool. A lot of people I talked too: the guys wanted to be him and the girls wanted to be with him. What a performance, it deserved more praise.Joe does it again being the A$$hole who thinks with his gun and not with his head. Joe as an actor is very remarkable. He\'s only 5\' 6\'\', but he is so intimidating. His speech in the desert with Ace and the big confrontation. "You want me to get out of my own town?! Don\'t *bleep* with me, Ace!" Does he swear in this movie? Oh, yeah. A lot, we\'re talking 400+ f-words, guys. But you get past the vulgar language and just enjoy what Joe says and does. The head vice scene and the metal bat scene with Joe is two of the most disturbing scenes in cinematic history.Sharon Stone, what can I say? What a remarkable performance! She was very much robbed of her deserved Oscar. I was reading in my "Rober DeNiro: A history of his films" that Sharon over shined both Joe\'s and Robert\'s performance. In some ways that is very true. She plays a gold-digging, druggie, drunk, hustling, whore. She is very glamorous in the film though, she is covered in beautiful gowns and jewelery that no guy could ever resist. Her first scene where Robert first sees her and she is stealing chips from a guy who has "hired" her for a night was extremely effective. You can see why Ace fell so hard for her. What a terrific performance in the end. When she screams at Ace "I will go to the FBI! I will go to the police! I\'m not protecting you anymore!", you get scarred and can\'t help but watch more even though you are sitting on your butt for more than 2 1/2 hours. You hate her character so much, you want her to get what\'s coming to her, that\'s what makes a terrific performance. When you actually want to make sure that this character gets the justice he or she deserves. Sharon, I apologize, you deserved more praise as well.Martin Scorcesse. One of the greatest living directors of our time. This film was very wonderfully made with great visuals. The soundtrack really adds a lot, I\'m telling you, and the theatrical trailer with the song "Gimme Shelter" by the Rolling Stones, what a great feel. Martin has been nominated several times for an Oscar, but they snub him. I think because his films are so violent and typical. But they remain classics. I\'m disappointed with the Oscars, this man deserves more. Whew. "Casino" is an excellent movie that I highly recommend for mob movie lovers. Don\'t compare this to "Goodfellas", let it stand on it\'s own. But please, this is not a movie for children in any manor. For the parents, this is a movie that should be on the wait until the later teens. It\'s very violent, we\'re talking a head in a vice, a beating with a metal bat(just to name a few violent scenes, there\'s more)drugs, sex, and very vulgar language. This is for adults only!It\'s a great movie that deserves very much to be on the top 250. I\'d like to see it in the top 100, but we\'ll see. 10/10', 'I generally avoid violent films...which is why I resisted watching "Casino" for a long time. However, despite being very violent in spots, the film turned out to be very compelling....it was far more than just violence and had an interesting look at the mob influence in Las Vegas back in the day.The film is unusual in that it has two leading men with parallel stories. Sometimes Ace and Nicky (Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci) were in scenes together....often they were apart...each doing his own thing. As for Ace, he was a smart man who was in charge of one of Vegas\' top casinos. He was tough...but basically honest for a mobster. As for Nicky, as you\'d expect with a Joe Pesci character, he\'s a bit of a nut-job....often out of control and letting anger govern most of his decisions. Unlike Ace who had a veneer of honesty about him, Nicky was a hood...and didn\'t mind this. Eventually, the pair end up having a downfall. How and what happens to each you\'ll have to see for yourself.The parts of this film I enjoyed the most were when you learned about how Vegas operated. Seeing Ace dealing with crooked gamblers was especially interesting. And, in this sense, I enjoyed the film much more than "Goodfellas"...also with the same stars and same director. This is because "Goodfellas" was mostly just about violence and crime...whereas "Casino" seemed to have more story and wasn\'t always about excessive violence and nastiness...not that the film is in any way a \'nice\' picture. It\'s filled with obscenities, nasty folks and a few scenes of horrific violence. Think about this before you decide whether or not to see the movie.By the way, this is only a personal choice and doesn\'t really affect the movie much, but one thing I did not love about the film is the omnipresent pop music....which at times made the film seem like a music video. I think less of this would have been nice.', 'I saw Goodfellas first and more times than Casino. Yet, I totally love Casino as it is one of the best movies I have literally ever seen. I find Goodfellas to be overrated and Casino to be the movie that learned from the former\'s flaws.Something I really do think (more than my own opinion) is that if this was released before Goodfellas, this would be more liked. No new ground was broken, everything was just elevated.Robert De Niro gives his most underrated performance--as well as the second best of the year (behind Nicolas Cage in Leaving Las Vegas)-- as Sam "Ace" Rothstein. Ace is an unbeatable gambler who secures the mob\'s casino shenanigans while his lifelong best friend, Nicky Santoro (Pesci) keeps everybody in line. The only real difference between Nicky and Tommy from Goodfellas is Tommy has curlier hair. There\'s divided opinion on who is crazier/more violent. I lean towards Nicky. Ace helps the casino grow and eventually seizes full power by becoming the owner. Nicky\'s wild and crazy antics get him banned from every Las Vegas casino, so he decides to create his own. Meanwhile, Ace blindly falls for a beautiful prostitute named Ginger (Stone) and they get married. Her habits don\'t change and Ace does all he can to help her out. The love story in this is amazing. Ginger is unlikeable but we can\'t turn away from her. Her and Nicky both contribute to Ace\'s fall as well as the rise of other casinos in Vegas.One easy thing I loved was the performance by Robert De Niro. He is very likable and my heart breaks every time he is screwed over by Ginger and Nicky. He was easily a better lead than Ray Liotta and his character was more likable and deeper than Jimmy. In fact, all three of our leads in this are much deeper developed than the leads in Goodfellas. Ray Liotta is a dummy who is not cut out to be a mobster, while we see the conviction in Ace as he tries to make everything work out. Casino is also much more flashy and nicer too look at than Goodfellas which takes place in New York. The music in this is not distracting or overpowering. The filming is a step up. the flow is much better. And the story is superior. This has more of a linear and stable story than Goodfellas, which is just a man\'s escapades in the mafia. Everybody that watches Casino is impacted more than Goodfellas. To watch Casino, you have to be in a mood and well prepared. A movie has really done its job if it does that to a viewer, and actually has a purpose for its content.4/4', 'A complex, multilayered, beautifully directed film, Martin Scorsese\'s Casino is a masterpiece of destruction and betrayal. Few films take so many chances and succeed so wonderfully. It takes some of the basic formulas that were found in Goodfellas and applies them to another type of story - while Goodfellas\' view was ground-level, telling the story of the "blue collar" gangsters of NYC, this film tells the story of the guys who controlled those guys. And it\'s fascinating to watch these people run Las Vegas, control the flow of money, and then fall from the heights of power due to lust, hubris, and greed. An amazing film that will hopefully get the recognition it deserves in the years to come.', 'Based on a true story, Martin Scorsese "Casino" is a motion picture about two characters and their chance to rule the desert paradise of Las Vegas\x85 We are introduced in with all the lights, the noise, the flashing and the colors of the town that doesn\'t sleep day or night\x85 De Niro\'s character, Sam \'Ace\' Rothstein, is based on Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal, who was a hell of a handicapper\x85 He was so good that whenever he bets, he could change the odds for every bookmaker in the country\x85 Genius at what he was doing with numbers, he proved to a lot of guys in the Chicago Mob that he was a tremendous earner that he could make a lot of money for them\x85 As a result, he was able to accomplish whatever bookmaking, handicapping, he wanted to do, with the umbrella of protection from those guys\x85 \'Ace\' runs the casino with an iron fist refusing any outside people cheating at his tables\x85But he had a fatal flaw\x85 \'Ace\' always felt that he could logically and intelligently deal with things, even to deal with emotions\x85 So he decides on making a life with a woman who, he knows, does not necessarily love him\x85 Anyway with such a sexy wife and money to burn, \'Ace\' was the epitome of opulence, confidence and power\x85 Ginger McKenna (Sharon Stone) was fascinating\x85 Great woman, truly beautiful, one of the best-known hustlers in town\x85 For her, a guy like \'Ace\' was the ultimate score\x85 So the way to Ginger\'s heart was clearly money\x85 \'Ace\' knew that but he didn\'t care\x85What he wanted was to marry her\x85 Sharon Stone really stood up to the challenge in her role as a casino hustler who is so wild\x85 She was young, fresh, confident, looking absolutely fantastic as the independent woman whom everybody desires\x85Joe Pesci succeeds in his scary tough role as the strong man who has nerve, and isn\'t afraid of the cops\x85 He was reportedly a mob hit man reputed to be a sadistic killer\x85 (In one scene, his character is shown torturing someone by putting his head in a vise.) To protect his friend and adviser, Nicky (Pesci) would beat to a pulp any street guys who messed with \'Ace\' or didn\'t give him the proper respect\x85 Over the course of their friendship Nicky delivered a number of these messages always making sure that \'Ace\' didn\'t get his hands dirty\x85 \'Ace\' witnessed several beatings on his behalf\x85 Nicky\'s mission was to show his worth to the family as an enforcer\x85The clothes on De Niro looked very straight, more dangerous and very threatening\x85 They were very important cues to his character, and again, to the progression of the story\x85 \'Ace\' was an extremely fastidious guy\x85 And, of course, as you follow the story he starts out in more conservative colors and as things become more chaotic, the colors become more chaotic', 'Martin Scorsese\'s Casino has all the ingredients for a great crime film. It\'s got hits, bad language, Robert DeNiro, gambling, lots of Italian Americans - it\'s all there. Furthermore, it\'s got a great soundtrack, the Las Vegas setting makes for a great location and the acting is largely very good...but somehow, this just isn\'t a great film. Scorsese has missed the mark thanks to a lack of emotion. There is no reason to care for the characters in this movie, and that makes the film hard to connect with on the whole. The movie also follows the common Scorsese format, in that some guy gets rich and respected, then something bad happens and he finds himself back where he started. In fact, the ending of this movie is only an "I\'m a schmo" away from being a complete copy of Goodfellas. Still, at least the movie manages to stay interesting for most of it\'s runtime, and it\'s easy to forgive the flaws when you\'re watching Joe Pesci threatening someone who\'s head he\'s jammed into a vice.Casino lasts almost three hours, and it\'s fair to say therefore that this movie is overlong. It\'s not so bad for the first two hours, but once the film enters the final third; cracks begin to appear and the film isn\'t as interesting as it was, not much unlike Goodfellas; which also suffered from a trite final third. Tarantino\'s influence on cinema is felt in this movie, and that is obvious from the way that Scorsese has seen fit to saturate the movie in \'cool\' old classics. Still, some of these songs; such as Fleetwood Mac\'s "Go Your Own Way" and The Animals\' "The House of the Rising Sun" are really good songs and actually bode well with the action on screen. For this movie, Martin Scorsese has re-recruited the excellent pairing of Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci, and both give their trademark excellent performances in this film. Casino may well be DeNiro\'s last great performance before he went on his downward spiral, which started with the fellow 1995 movie "Heat". On the whole, while this film is technically sound, it lacks emotional bite and there will be times during the film when your interest will trail off. It\'s an entertaining ride, but it\'s one that is ultimately shallow.', 'I have to admit my bias, because I believe that Scorcese cannot do wrong - ever.  Even his lesser-known or critically panned films are above the "great film" line, and Casino is certainly no exception. Casino spans three decades and chronicles the true story of a faction of the mob who ran Las Vegas casinos.  Robert DeNiro plays Ace Rothstein, a fantastic bookie who is chosen to run the Tangiers hotel and casino.  Along the way, he marries a drug-addicted con-artist trophy wife (Sharon Stone) and struggles with his friendship with loose-cannon Nicky Santoro (Joe Pesci).  Rothstein is a complicated figure in that he is not a heavy, yet he wields a lot of power due to the respect he has gained from his mob bosses back home.  Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci are both fantastic in their roles, and Sharon Stone actually turned out a non-irritating performance.  As the viewer, you can\'t stand her, but that is the point.  Scorcese\'s normal supporting cast are also involved in this film, including his great mother - even though she usually has incredibly minimal roles, they are always memorable.\nScorcese seems to have several different directing styles, and Casino follows in the tradition of Goodfellas as a pseudo-documentary.  A lot of the exposition is revealed by the characters themselves in the form of voice-overs, and several scenes are filmed in documentarian fashion.  The entire production however, is sleek and very quick.  The use of music bears mentioning as well: Most Martin Scorcese films have an amazing soundtrack that adds to and enhances the scene.  Being a child of the MTV age, I\'m a sucker for good uses of music in films and Scorcese is a master.  Scorcese doesn\'t just utilize the soundtrack, he makes it part of the storytelling - by the music, we chronologically know what time period we are witnessing, since one cannot rely on other factors, such as fashion alone.  One of my favorite scenes in film which effectively involves music is actually from Casino - the very intense scene when the relationship between DeNiro, Stone and Pesci come to a head in the climax of the film. The pounding music cut throughout this scene is a cover of "Satisfaction" by Devo and the result is absolutely brilliant.  Being a complete film geek, I generally don\'t go to films that feature certain stars, I go to films by certain directors and Scorcese is one of them.  While this was probably the tenth time I\'d seen this film there were more things I noticed, and I\'m sure I\'ll notice more upon my eleventh viewing.  The man is a complete genius, and a gift to film - my suggestion is to watch some of his films, then check out his unbelievable series, "A Personal Journey with Martin Scorcese Through American Movies" which was done the same year as Casino.  The series is essentially a primer on the history of film, sectioned off by film genres.  You not only will experience his amazing intellect and massive knowledge of film history, but his incredible humility as well.--Shelly', "If you haven't seen Casino yet, stop whatever it is you're doing, rush to the nearest video store, rent it, and watch it.  Along with Mean Streets Casino is probably Scorsese's most underrated and unheralded picture.  I would also venture to say that this is probably his most ambitious film. The film deals with a particular time period and a particular atmosphere and accomplishes an overwhelming achievement by creating and accurately portraying both.  The art direction is splendid, most likely the best of any film Scorsese has ever done.  The acting is superb.  I never thought Pesci would be able to top his dynamic performance in Raging Bull until I saw Casino.  Every time I watch this picture I fall in love with it all over again.  This is the most honest depiction of Las Vegas, especially of the time period it was portrayed in.  Scorsese's direction is flawless. Perhaps it is because I watch alot of Scorsese and Kubrick films, but I am becoming less satisfied with plot driven films and more enamored by films that possess the freedom that typical stories just don't seem to hold.  Sharon Stone gives the best performance of her career, and as far as the editing is concerned, well if you believe like Kubrick and Pudovkin that a film is not shot, but built who better to have on your team than long time cohort, collaborator, and editor Thelma Schoonmaker.  Ultimately, the genius of Scorsese is not just in the mastery of the medium, but in the understanding and appreciation for the necessity of great collaborators on all levels that Scorsese has consistently utilized throughout his career.  Casino exemplifies not only the best of a Scorsese film, but transcends it.  This film is truly a gem.", 'Scorsese, De Niro and Pesci team up again for a amazing movie with unforgettable performances.The film portrays Las Vegas at a time when it was dominated by the mafia, extremely well directed by Scorsese, that film shows Robert De Niro as manager of the Tangiers Casino who have to deal with his unstable wife that used to be a high-class prostitute but who can not forget her pimp Lester and with his childhood friend Nicky that is taking the city with extreme uncontrolled violence bringing a bad image to the plans that the mafia has in Las Vegas.Sharon Stone definitely give the best performance of her career in this film and the secondary characters convey very well the image of the great leaders of the mafia.Casino is a classic and a must-see movie.']