['I have very little interest in most action films or violent movies, so I am not the sort of person that would normally watch a film like "Heat". However, on a lark and because it\'s apparently such a good film I decided to give the film a look. Well, I must say that thought I was not in love with the film it sure was exceptionally well made and had a lot to offer--even for folks like me.The biggest reason I liked the movie and thought it was made so well was its rich and complex plot. At nearly three hours, there is lots and lots of time for the plot to slowly unfold. It also allowed for several concurrent plots to interweave themselves through the film--the story about the master criminals, the cops, another criminal as well as a rogue nut-job that just likes to kill. It\'s almost like a mini-series in this respect. I also loved how this was not a set-bound film but was made throughout LA--though I wonder how this was possible, as it must have tied up huge portions of Los Angeles! I also loved some of the characters--particularly Robert De Niro\'s oddly professional and scary criminal boss. It was one of his very best performances.There\'s very little to complain about in the film, though I thought Al Pacino\'s character was a tad over-acted at times. Unlike De Niro, I had a harder time believing Pacino was real. Perhaps it\'s just me....Overall, if you don\'t mind the violence and the occasionally frenetic pace, then this is a film well wroth seeing. Extremely well-directed and never dull.', 'Heat (1995) is a movie that is in my DVD collection that I recently rewatched on Tubi. The storyline follows an underground high end burglary team looking for one big last mission and a parallel story about a successful police officer who is struggling at home. As the buildup to the big heist unfolds the two worlds come closer and closer together until the ultimate collision happens.This movie is directed by Michael Mann (Ali) and stars Robert De Niro (Goodfellas), Al Pacino (Scarface), Val Kilmer (Willow), Jon Voight (Anaconda), Mykelti Williamson (Forest Gump), Ashley Judd (Kiss the Girls), Tom Sizemore (Black Hawk Down), Wes Studi (Deep Rising), Natalie Portman (Leon: The Professional), Ted Levine (Silence of the Lambs) and Dennis Haysbert (Far from Heaven).This cast is absolutely amazing top to bottom. The writing is also excellent and delivers the backstories to each character to perfection and the dialogue is out of this world. The chemistry of the cast throughout the film worked perfectly and the action scenes are intense and very well done. You find yourself rooting for both sides the entire film. The conclusion to such a huge movie is excellent and fits the film perfectly.This is an all time classic that is an absolute must see and an easy 10/10. I would strongly recommend seeing this.', 'I really believe this is one the great crime movies of all time. It has some drawbacks that wouldn\'t make me recommend this for family viewing - tons of f- words by Al Pacino and a few bloody scenes, but as far as a fascinating crime story: wow!This movie made modern-day history because it was the first time two of the great actors of this generation - Pacino and Robert De Niro - finally acted together in the same film. Those two didn\'t disappoint, either. They were great to watch and one of the huge highlights of the film, to me, was when they faced each other in a simple conversation over a cup of coffee. That conversation has always fascinated me, no matter how many times I\'ve heard it. It was such a "landmark" scene that It\'s even the subject of a short documentary on the special-edition DVD.As with the conversation scene, the shootout segment in the streets of Los Angeles still astounds me no matter how many times I see it. The other action scenes are intense and memorable, too, and the cast in here is deep. This isn\'t just Pacino and De Niro. It\'s Val Kilmer, Ashley Judd, Jon Voight, Diana Venora, Natlie Portman, Tom Sizemore, Amy Brenamann, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Mykelti Williamson, on and on. Put that fabulous cast under Michael Mann, one of the best directors in business, add a great soundtrack and interesting camera-work and you have a great film. At three hours long, it never bores one and at same time, doesn\'t overdo the action, either. I read one critic criticize this film because of the time taken to examine the personal lives of the main characters, but you can\'t have three hours of nothing but action. The only scene I felt went on a bit too long was the ending chase at the airport, but that\'s nitpicking considering the film as a whole.This is just one of those movies where a great cast and director live up to their billing.', "This is a brilliant film. While clocking in at a nearly three-hour running time, there isn't a single wasted scene, it is always entertaining and I think it is very rewatchable too. The cinematography, locations and scenery are superb, and the film's atmosphere and pace are also terrific. The story is plausible and beautifully structured with a breathtaking sequence towards the middle of the film, and there are a lot of memorable quotes. Heat is also brilliantly directed by Michael Mann and the acting of Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino is exemplary. So all in all, brilliant and absolutely worth it. 10/10 Bethany Cox", 'A brilliant character driven action thriller with drama and emotion all the way. Despite the long runtime, the pacing never drags. The Magic of this action movie is that you believe the people you see in the screen. You care for them and everything they go through. All of the scenes are influential, the script and the score are iconic. Two thumbs up!', 'A masterpiece and one of the best action heist movies of all time! Heat (1995) is one of my personal favorite Al Pacino and Robert De Niro Action heist movie of all time! I love this movie to death! This movie has everything, action, drama, heist, great cast and incredible realistic great performance from Al Pacino and Robert De Niro! Provides fast and loose action with interesting characters. Great action movie!!!! One of the best for me!!!!!!!!! To this day this movie stands a classic action heist movie of all time! Acting, story, score everything in here is excellent!This movie has a great plot, brilliant story about two lead characters a professional master thief Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro) battling Lt. Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino) LAPD robbery-homicide detective in this non-stop race against time heist. Michael Mann did everything with this film, he wrote the screenplay, produced this movie and directed it. Michael Mann is a brilliant director I love Miami Vice TV Series, Manhunter and Collateral.This movie is the real heist movie un like Point Break and Baby Driver this movie deserves a 10, because it takes the vision of one of the most imaginative directors on Earth, and realizes them almost perfectly with all the tools that fit the task -- actors and great stunts. Without the vision, this film would be nothing. Without the tools, this film would be nothing.Al Pacino stars in the film as Vincent Hanna, a relentless lieutenant in the LAPD\'s Robbery Homicide Division who is determined to take down a high end robbery crew led by master thief Neil McCauley (De Niro).Notable for its detailed depiction of the techniques used by both law enforcement and criminal elements, as well as exceptional and accurate gun handling, the film was first made as the 1989 television movie L.A. Takedown. Heat also was reported to have been viewed repeatedly by the "High Incident Bandits" robbery duo involved in the infamous North Hollywood shootout (as depicted in the film 44 Minutes: The North Hollywood Shootout).Lt. Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino) LAPD robbery-homicide detective was a great character cop. He was at least MILES way better than Johnny Utah (Keanu Reeves) FBI rookie Agent in Point Break that movie sucked! Lt. Vincent Hanna shoot and killed Michael Cheritto (Tom Sizemore) and he saved a child. He cracked the case and he figure it out who the mask robbers were. In the climatic epic battle fight on the end of the film on the airport field he shoot and killed Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro). He destroyed and hunt down McCauley\'s crew. True two got away but he always got his man. He at least didn\'t let go McCauley like Johnny Utah did, letting go Bodhi (Patrick Swayze) and he did not arrest or shoot or kill any of Bodhi\'s men he let them all go. Lt. Vincent Hanna is a hero and veteran police officer to me.Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro), as a professional thief was smart, intelligent, high profile criminal with no criminal record. He was the mastermind behind the robberies, he knew what he was doing. He was a murderer and he did what he know best. He at least wasn\'t like stupid dumb idiot Bodhi from Point Break, he was trying to get away but he always settle a score with everyone that double crossed him. It is wrong to messing with him. By the end that way leaded him to his end, he made a mistake when he went after Waingro (Kevin Gage).The movie has also one of the greatest shootouts in L.A. in which Shiherlis (Val Kilmer), Cheritto (Tom Sizemore) McCauley (Robert De Niro) firing Colt Model 733 automatic riffle on the cops. Great shootout\'s I love it.The movie has great famous cast: Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan, Kevin Gage, Danny Trejo, Hank Azaria, Martin Ferrero and Xander Berkeley a lot of famous actors and actresses were extra in this movie.The movie focus on a real human characters that they are ordinary people with normal life\'s like you and me. That is why I love this film to death! It is realistic performed and it has no jokes or fantasy or anything it is real life. I love Al Pacino and Robert De Niro\'s performance they both fit the task and accomplish their acting their characters.Heat is the 1995 crime drama directed by Michael Mann and marked the first on screen pairing of legendary actors Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.10/10 My all time personal favorite action heist masterpiece Michael Mann film of all time, this movie kicks ass.', "Wow. First saw this in the cinema back in 1996 and of course we all raved over how good it was but I don't think we really appreciated it back then or could have as twenty somethings.Now I'm late forties this made more sense. That obsession with something at the cost of relationships. McCauley could have been out of there a free man but something in him pulled him another way.In the bible that something comes in the guise of a serpent. That's how subtle it creeps up upon us.Great film.", "Every 2-3 years i come back to this movie and watch it again and again, just a reminder of the 90's movies with cops and robbers...one of the best cop movie ever!", "One of the amazing things about Heat is that during an almost three hour running time of the film, your interest in what happens in the summit teaming of Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro never flags for a second. Part of the reason is because these guys are at the top of their profession and brought their A game to the parts. The roles they have are not as good as Jake LaMotta, Jimmy Conway, or Max Cady for DeNiro or Frank Serpico, Michael Corleone, or Bobby Deefield for Pacino. But Neil McCauley master criminal for DeNiro and Jake Hanna dogged detective for Pacino does show these guys at their best.You can best describe Heat as a long running version of Law and Order Criminal Intent with a big budget. Like that show the action shifts back from the cops to the criminals and smoothly for director/writer Michael Mann. We see both of these guys as rather similar to each other. DeNiro prides himself on the fact that he says he can drop any relationship if it interferes with work. And Pacino is on his third marriage and his mistress is the job. He's been a failure twice as a husband and about to go thrice in the romance department.Mann gave Pacino and DeNiro a really outstanding cast for support in Heat. People like Val Kilmer are in DeNiro's gang, Jon Voight is the Sam Jaffe like mastermind of the operation. Pacino on his team has Mykel T. Williamson from Forrest Gump and Ted Levine best known as Captain Stottlemyre on Monk.This action film also does not stint on woman's roles. Diane Venora is fine as Pacino's estranged wife. Amy Breneman is also good as DeNiro's woman who watches her man helplessly trapped by his own criminal rules go to his destruction. Best in the film on the distaff side is Ashley Judd as Val Kilmer's loyal wife who has one great choice given her by Williamson, betray her husband or lose their kid. See how she handles it.Although the scene was shoehorned into the plot and would never happen in real life, Pacino and DeNiro do meet and have a brief scene together over a cup of coffee in a diner. They compare notes so to speak and take the measure of the other guy. Since these two guys are the most acclaimed actors of their generation, the scene artificial though it is takes on a whole different dimension. It's like when writers give Queen Elizabeth and Mary Queen of Scots a climatic meeting scene even though in real life it never happened.But like in Heat, it should have happened."]['I have very little interest in most action films or violent movies, so I am not the sort of person that would normally watch a film like "Heat". However, on a lark and because it\'s apparently such a good film I decided to give the film a look. Well, I must say that thought I was not in love with the film it sure was exceptionally well made and had a lot to offer--even for folks like me.The biggest reason I liked the movie and thought it was made so well was its rich and complex plot. At nearly three hours, there is lots and lots of time for the plot to slowly unfold. It also allowed for several concurrent plots to interweave themselves through the film--the story about the master criminals, the cops, another criminal as well as a rogue nut-job that just likes to kill. It\'s almost like a mini-series in this respect. I also loved how this was not a set-bound film but was made throughout LA--though I wonder how this was possible, as it must have tied up huge portions of Los Angeles! I also loved some of the characters--particularly Robert De Niro\'s oddly professional and scary criminal boss. It was one of his very best performances.There\'s very little to complain about in the film, though I thought Al Pacino\'s character was a tad over-acted at times. Unlike De Niro, I had a harder time believing Pacino was real. Perhaps it\'s just me....Overall, if you don\'t mind the violence and the occasionally frenetic pace, then this is a film well wroth seeing. Extremely well-directed and never dull.', 'Heat (1995) is a movie that is in my DVD collection that I recently rewatched on Tubi. The storyline follows an underground high end burglary team looking for one big last mission and a parallel story about a successful police officer who is struggling at home. As the buildup to the big heist unfolds the two worlds come closer and closer together until the ultimate collision happens.This movie is directed by Michael Mann (Ali) and stars Robert De Niro (Goodfellas), Al Pacino (Scarface), Val Kilmer (Willow), Jon Voight (Anaconda), Mykelti Williamson (Forest Gump), Ashley Judd (Kiss the Girls), Tom Sizemore (Black Hawk Down), Wes Studi (Deep Rising), Natalie Portman (Leon: The Professional), Ted Levine (Silence of the Lambs) and Dennis Haysbert (Far from Heaven).This cast is absolutely amazing top to bottom. The writing is also excellent and delivers the backstories to each character to perfection and the dialogue is out of this world. The chemistry of the cast throughout the film worked perfectly and the action scenes are intense and very well done. You find yourself rooting for both sides the entire film. The conclusion to such a huge movie is excellent and fits the film perfectly.This is an all time classic that is an absolute must see and an easy 10/10. I would strongly recommend seeing this.', 'I really believe this is one the great crime movies of all time. It has some drawbacks that wouldn\'t make me recommend this for family viewing - tons of f- words by Al Pacino and a few bloody scenes, but as far as a fascinating crime story: wow!This movie made modern-day history because it was the first time two of the great actors of this generation - Pacino and Robert De Niro - finally acted together in the same film. Those two didn\'t disappoint, either. They were great to watch and one of the huge highlights of the film, to me, was when they faced each other in a simple conversation over a cup of coffee. That conversation has always fascinated me, no matter how many times I\'ve heard it. It was such a "landmark" scene that It\'s even the subject of a short documentary on the special-edition DVD.As with the conversation scene, the shootout segment in the streets of Los Angeles still astounds me no matter how many times I see it. The other action scenes are intense and memorable, too, and the cast in here is deep. This isn\'t just Pacino and De Niro. It\'s Val Kilmer, Ashley Judd, Jon Voight, Diana Venora, Natlie Portman, Tom Sizemore, Amy Brenamann, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Mykelti Williamson, on and on. Put that fabulous cast under Michael Mann, one of the best directors in business, add a great soundtrack and interesting camera-work and you have a great film. At three hours long, it never bores one and at same time, doesn\'t overdo the action, either. I read one critic criticize this film because of the time taken to examine the personal lives of the main characters, but you can\'t have three hours of nothing but action. The only scene I felt went on a bit too long was the ending chase at the airport, but that\'s nitpicking considering the film as a whole.This is just one of those movies where a great cast and director live up to their billing.', "This is a brilliant film. While clocking in at a nearly three-hour running time, there isn't a single wasted scene, it is always entertaining and I think it is very rewatchable too. The cinematography, locations and scenery are superb, and the film's atmosphere and pace are also terrific. The story is plausible and beautifully structured with a breathtaking sequence towards the middle of the film, and there are a lot of memorable quotes. Heat is also brilliantly directed by Michael Mann and the acting of Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino is exemplary. So all in all, brilliant and absolutely worth it. 10/10 Bethany Cox", 'A brilliant character driven action thriller with drama and emotion all the way. Despite the long runtime, the pacing never drags. The Magic of this action movie is that you believe the people you see in the screen. You care for them and everything they go through. All of the scenes are influential, the script and the score are iconic. Two thumbs up!', 'A masterpiece and one of the best action heist movies of all time! Heat (1995) is one of my personal favorite Al Pacino and Robert De Niro Action heist movie of all time! I love this movie to death! This movie has everything, action, drama, heist, great cast and incredible realistic great performance from Al Pacino and Robert De Niro! Provides fast and loose action with interesting characters. Great action movie!!!! One of the best for me!!!!!!!!! To this day this movie stands a classic action heist movie of all time! Acting, story, score everything in here is excellent!This movie has a great plot, brilliant story about two lead characters a professional master thief Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro) battling Lt. Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino) LAPD robbery-homicide detective in this non-stop race against time heist. Michael Mann did everything with this film, he wrote the screenplay, produced this movie and directed it. Michael Mann is a brilliant director I love Miami Vice TV Series, Manhunter and Collateral.This movie is the real heist movie un like Point Break and Baby Driver this movie deserves a 10, because it takes the vision of one of the most imaginative directors on Earth, and realizes them almost perfectly with all the tools that fit the task -- actors and great stunts. Without the vision, this film would be nothing. Without the tools, this film would be nothing.Al Pacino stars in the film as Vincent Hanna, a relentless lieutenant in the LAPD\'s Robbery Homicide Division who is determined to take down a high end robbery crew led by master thief Neil McCauley (De Niro).Notable for its detailed depiction of the techniques used by both law enforcement and criminal elements, as well as exceptional and accurate gun handling, the film was first made as the 1989 television movie L.A. Takedown. Heat also was reported to have been viewed repeatedly by the "High Incident Bandits" robbery duo involved in the infamous North Hollywood shootout (as depicted in the film 44 Minutes: The North Hollywood Shootout).Lt. Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino) LAPD robbery-homicide detective was a great character cop. He was at least MILES way better than Johnny Utah (Keanu Reeves) FBI rookie Agent in Point Break that movie sucked! Lt. Vincent Hanna shoot and killed Michael Cheritto (Tom Sizemore) and he saved a child. He cracked the case and he figure it out who the mask robbers were. In the climatic epic battle fight on the end of the film on the airport field he shoot and killed Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro). He destroyed and hunt down McCauley\'s crew. True two got away but he always got his man. He at least didn\'t let go McCauley like Johnny Utah did, letting go Bodhi (Patrick Swayze) and he did not arrest or shoot or kill any of Bodhi\'s men he let them all go. Lt. Vincent Hanna is a hero and veteran police officer to me.Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro), as a professional thief was smart, intelligent, high profile criminal with no criminal record. He was the mastermind behind the robberies, he knew what he was doing. He was a murderer and he did what he know best. He at least wasn\'t like stupid dumb idiot Bodhi from Point Break, he was trying to get away but he always settle a score with everyone that double crossed him. It is wrong to messing with him. By the end that way leaded him to his end, he made a mistake when he went after Waingro (Kevin Gage).The movie has also one of the greatest shootouts in L.A. in which Shiherlis (Val Kilmer), Cheritto (Tom Sizemore) McCauley (Robert De Niro) firing Colt Model 733 automatic riffle on the cops. Great shootout\'s I love it.The movie has great famous cast: Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan, Kevin Gage, Danny Trejo, Hank Azaria, Martin Ferrero and Xander Berkeley a lot of famous actors and actresses were extra in this movie.The movie focus on a real human characters that they are ordinary people with normal life\'s like you and me. That is why I love this film to death! It is realistic performed and it has no jokes or fantasy or anything it is real life. I love Al Pacino and Robert De Niro\'s performance they both fit the task and accomplish their acting their characters.Heat is the 1995 crime drama directed by Michael Mann and marked the first on screen pairing of legendary actors Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.10/10 My all time personal favorite action heist masterpiece Michael Mann film of all time, this movie kicks ass.', "Wow. First saw this in the cinema back in 1996 and of course we all raved over how good it was but I don't think we really appreciated it back then or could have as twenty somethings.Now I'm late forties this made more sense. That obsession with something at the cost of relationships. McCauley could have been out of there a free man but something in him pulled him another way.In the bible that something comes in the guise of a serpent. That's how subtle it creeps up upon us.Great film.", "Every 2-3 years i come back to this movie and watch it again and again, just a reminder of the 90's movies with cops and robbers...one of the best cop movie ever!", "One of the amazing things about Heat is that during an almost three hour running time of the film, your interest in what happens in the summit teaming of Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro never flags for a second. Part of the reason is because these guys are at the top of their profession and brought their A game to the parts. The roles they have are not as good as Jake LaMotta, Jimmy Conway, or Max Cady for DeNiro or Frank Serpico, Michael Corleone, or Bobby Deefield for Pacino. But Neil McCauley master criminal for DeNiro and Jake Hanna dogged detective for Pacino does show these guys at their best.You can best describe Heat as a long running version of Law and Order Criminal Intent with a big budget. Like that show the action shifts back from the cops to the criminals and smoothly for director/writer Michael Mann. We see both of these guys as rather similar to each other. DeNiro prides himself on the fact that he says he can drop any relationship if it interferes with work. And Pacino is on his third marriage and his mistress is the job. He's been a failure twice as a husband and about to go thrice in the romance department.Mann gave Pacino and DeNiro a really outstanding cast for support in Heat. People like Val Kilmer are in DeNiro's gang, Jon Voight is the Sam Jaffe like mastermind of the operation. Pacino on his team has Mykel T. Williamson from Forrest Gump and Ted Levine best known as Captain Stottlemyre on Monk.This action film also does not stint on woman's roles. Diane Venora is fine as Pacino's estranged wife. Amy Breneman is also good as DeNiro's woman who watches her man helplessly trapped by his own criminal rules go to his destruction. Best in the film on the distaff side is Ashley Judd as Val Kilmer's loyal wife who has one great choice given her by Williamson, betray her husband or lose their kid. See how she handles it.Although the scene was shoehorned into the plot and would never happen in real life, Pacino and DeNiro do meet and have a brief scene together over a cup of coffee in a diner. They compare notes so to speak and take the measure of the other guy. Since these two guys are the most acclaimed actors of their generation, the scene artificial though it is takes on a whole different dimension. It's like when writers give Queen Elizabeth and Mary Queen of Scots a climatic meeting scene even though in real life it never happened.But like in Heat, it should have happened."]