['Brosnan has the look, the style, the intelligence and the bravura that James Bond should have As charming, sophisticated, and always in control of the situation, Bond called upon all his ability for improvising escapes from truly impossible situations The new Bond drives a BMW, remains preferring his vodka martinis \'shaken but not stirred,\' and uses a Walther PPK, 7.65mm The famous announcement "Bond, James Bond" is changedThe plot line of "Goldeneye" revolves around an international terrorist organization calling itself Janus that steels a top-secret Russian weapon system named GoldenEye and threatens to use it to destroy a major European city unless paid offBond\'s mission was to find and stop the GoldenEye, struggling with a sadistic assassin, a treacherous general, an \'invincible\' computer hacker, and most dangerous of all, a colleague and friendThe opening scene is spectacular with a great bungee jump from a top of a dam to an exciting racing over a cliff in a motorcycle and skydiving into a crushing private plane Martin Campbell\'s film comes with a phenomenal tank chase through the streets of St. Petersburg; a brutal showdown in the jungle; and a battle to the death on a high gantryGoldeneye\'s female characters are honestly beautiful with particular techniques The bad one is Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), an ex-Soviet fighter pilot who tranquilly smokes big cigars and knocks off her victims with her \'killer thighs.\' In one scene, she challenges Bond\'s legendary Aston Martin DB5 to a wild road race outside Monte Carlo with her red Ferrari; in another she was so smart that she snatches a top-secret helicopter from under the noses of the French navyThe good Bond girl is the irresistible Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco) who \'tastes like strawberries.\' Natalya possesses all the technical ability to neutralize Janus\' scheme or to destroy all computer records with the GoldenEye As one who survived a mass murder, this lovely beauty is suddenly a marked womanThe other supporting actors are all fine:Sean Bean plays a potentially fascinating bad character, the embittered and cynical traitor who was believed to have been killed on a mission Alec Trevelyan has sworn revenge on the country that was responsible for his parents\' suicideAlan Cumming plays the \'invincible\' Boris Grishenko who sees crime as a chance to show off his skills; and Gottfried John, the renegade ambitious general who provides inside access to Russian military secretsAward-winning Judi Dench is terrific as Bond\'s unshaken spy chiefSamantha Bond as MoneyPenny puts forward for consideration that Bond\'s behavior might be interpreted as sexual harassmentSerena Gordon as the neurotic MI6 assessor Caroline evaluates 007 for just \'trying to show off the size of his ego.\'One familiar face among the MI6 staff was that of the redoubtable Q, played once again by Desmond Llewelyn who introduces 007 to his latest chariot, the BMW Z3 Although convertible, this agile vehicle doesn\'t play a significant action role in the film Q doesn\'t forget to deliver Bond a typical leather belt, a watch that expels a laser beam, and a silver pen used to clever effectThe 17th Bond film takes us from Russia, Puerto Rico, Monaco and back to England It features one of the best title tunes performed by the "Queen of Rock & Roll," Tina TurnerFor trivia buffs: Kate Gayson appears as an extra at the Chemin De Fer table at Monte Carlo\'s gambling casino; she\'s the daughter of Eunice Gayson, who played Bond\'s fetching girlfriend, Sylvia Trench in the first two Bond films, "Dr. No" and "From Russia With Love." It was to Sylvia Trench that Sean Connery uttered his first line of dialog, "I admire your luck, Mr. ...?"', 'GoldenEye (1995) is my number 1 personal favorite movie of all time! James Bond 007 action film the best one that was ever made. In my opinion it is the best one I love this movie to death! I grew up watching it as a child and Pierce Brosnan is my number 1 favorite James Bond. GoldenEye is the first film to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming.I\'m a hard-core James Bond fan. I make no apologies for believing that Pierce Brosnan is the closest thing we\'ve seen to IAN FLEMING\'s James Bond. The reason because it is my favorite it is because I feel it is just action, action , action and more action. I never feel bored with it, or it is too over long like some Bond movies are it is fast paced, entertaining and hard core action. The plot is simply and the story never get\'s bored. It is a beautiful movie, with beautiful direction from Martin Campbell. The stunts are completely insane in scale in this movie and really dangerous.Music score is by Éric Serra, the title song is GoldenEye performed by Tina Turner. GoldenEye was released in 1995 after a six-year hiatus in the series caused by legal disputes, during which Timothy Dalton resigned from the role of James Bond and was replaced by Pierce Brosnan. M was also recast, with actress Judi Dench becoming the first woman to portray the character, replacing Robert Brown. The role of Miss Moneypenny was also recast, with Caroline Bliss being replaced by Samantha Bond: Desmond Llewelyn was the only actor to reprise his role, as Q. GoldenEye was the first Bond film made after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, which provided a background for the plot.Style and sophistication are in abundance - - "The name\'s Bond. James Bond." Goldeneye\'s female characters are honestly beautiful with particular techniques. The bad one is Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), an ex-Soviet fighter pilot who tranquilly smokes big cigars and knocks off her victims with her \'killer thighs.\' In one scene, she challenges Bond\'s legendary Aston Martin DB5 to a wild road race outside Monte Carlo with her red Ferrari: in another she was so smart that she snatches a top-secret helicopter from under the noses of the French navy. Izabella Scorupco is a great and the finest Bond girl, the irresistible Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco) who \'tastes like strawberries.\' Natalya possesses all the technical ability to neutralize Janus\' scheme or to destroy all computer records with the GoldenEye As one who survived a mass murder, this lovely beauty is suddenly a marked woman.James Bond investigates the theft of the control disk for the GoldenEye satellite. His investigation leads to an organization of arms dealers Janus and the reappearance of someone from Bond\'s past. James Bond must deal with betrayal of his old friend Alec Trevelyan (006) gone rogue, from using a satellite GoldenEye against London to cause a global financial meltdownWhy I also love this movie to death beside the action is because of the great villains who created evil characters. Such as: Sean Bean as Alec Trevelyan (006), Famke Janssen as Xenia Onatopp: A Georgian lust murderer, Gottfried John as General Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov and Alan Cumming as Boris Grishenko: A computer programmer.It was filmed in beautiful locations in Puerto Rico, Russia, England, UK and in the France.The movie has a lot of insane hard-core action (I counted TEN all-star ones during my last viewing), The stunts are completely insane in scale (bungee jumping in - Arkangel Chemical Weapons Facility a stunt man performed that stunt in the opening scene.) Bond with a motorcycle jumps on a plane and catches it. Bond drives a tank in Russia for the first time and he demolishes even police cars that was excellent scene. Bond a stuntman jumps out of the window in Russia. Alec Trevelyan\'s train depot - exploding train. The epic climatic fight on the end of the movie between Bond and Trevelyan in his secret Goldeneye satellite control dish in Cuba in which Bond drops Trevelyan out of dish beautiful and really crazy stunt performance.I love the soundtracks in this movie: Goldeneye by Tina Turner and The Experience of Love by Éric Serra. I just love everything about this movie from the actions, to the heroes, to the villains from acting everything abut this movie I just love so much.GoldenEye (1995) is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series to be produced by Eon Productions, and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming.10/10 my favorite James Bond number 1 movie. This film is amazing Totally mind-blowing I love it.', "World security is in danger , ¨Janus¨ , a terrorist organization has robbed the ¨Goldeneye¨ , an ultra secret weapon system -a spy satellite- and menaced to use it for destroying a city if doesn't pay and to cause a sabotage on the global financial markets . MI6 -Judi Dench as M- assigns to James Bond the mission to retrieve it . Of course , there's the usual breathtaking opening scene developed in a chemist arms factory located in Siberia . There Bond and agent 006 Alec Trevelyan -Sean Bean- will have to confront against Russian military , but Alec is imprisoned by General Ourumov -Gottfried John- and at the end takes place a deadly confrontation . The film has sensational and spectacularly difficult action set pieces , as the tank pursuit in the city of Saint Petesburg or the taking on the armored train . Action is well shot , , including a groundbreaking and impressive final confrontation developed in Janus headquarter , located in Island Cuba jungle . As always , it appears Q as gadget man who teaches Bond various tools as a bomb pencil that will have special importance posteriorly , besides a speed car -BMW- equipped with rockets launchers . As Bond girls are Famke Janssen as Xena in a sensationalistic and crazed interpretation as the orgasmic to whom all risk is a emotion . Thus , she steals a super-helicopter ¨Tiger¨ and facing off opponents .Izabella Scorupco as Natalya Simanova , a computer specialist , she is marvelous and enticing with a similar countenance to Ingrid Bergman . Plus , it appears unbilled Minnie Driver . Tina Turner sings stunningly the main title and atmospheric score by Eric Serra . The film was finely directed by Martin Campbell . Rating : good and entertaining .", 'GOLDENEYE, the long-delayed debut of Pierce Brosnan as James Bond, was a film mired in MGM\'s convoluted legal problems for six years, problems which had nothing to do with the 007 franchise, but which happened to fall at the worst possible time; after Timothy Dalton\'s \'Serious Bond\' experiment, LICENCE TO KILL, failed to break even in U.S. markets. Despite international grosses that made the film a profitable venture, many American critics, long grumbling that the Bond series had outlasted it\'s welcome, heaped abuse on the newer, leaner direction for \'Bond\', and it\'s taciturn, less light-hearted star...and, with MGM\'s decision to put the expensive series \'on hold\' until their own legal and financial issues could be resolved, LICENCE TO KILL became the unfair \'scapegoat\' for the delay.Much happened during the six-year hiatus; with the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Communist undercurrent of many Bond films (and the subject of most of Ian Fleming\'s novels) was lost; Richard Maibaum, the series\' most prolific screenwriter, passed away, and ill health forced legendary producer Albert (\'Cubby\') Broccoli to turn over his duties to his daughter Barbara, and stepson, Michael G. Wilson (thus ending the other \'prime\' 007 screenwriter\'s script contributions); many other key production figures would retire, die, or move on; and finally, as the delay continued, Timothy Dalton, nearing 50, announced that he was no longer interested in playing James Bond (sparking rumors that Eon Productions, no longer honor-bound by the senior Broccoli\'s choices, had given him \'the boot\').While all this opened the door for Pierce Brosnan\'s long-awaited debut as 007 (after his aborted first attempt, in THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS), with a new \'look\' and style for the franchise, whether audiences would even accept a new \'James Bond\' adventure was in doubt. Fortunately, everything \'worked\'. Brosnan, now 42, was more ruggedly believable as 007 than he would have been, at 34, and Dame Judi Dench, as the first woman \'M\' (referring to Bond as a "sexist, misogynist dinosaur"), proved a perfect successor to the late Bernard Lee. While the plot of the film, involving the master plan of a renegade Russian General (Gottfried John) and an assumed dead 006 (Sean Bean) to use an electronic warfare system (GoldenEye) against England was nothing new, Brosnan\'s daring-do and one-liners (with humor restored to the franchise), as he proved his value in the new world \'order\', found an audience \'primed\' for James Bond\'s return...and the welcome cameo of the series\' last original \'regular\', "Q" (Desmond Llewelyn, 81, and as cranky as ever), cemented 007\'s links to both the past and the future.James Bond\'s greatest crisis, whether he still had \'Box Office\', had been overcome, and with audience favorite Pierce Brosnan in place, his emergence into the 21st century was assured.', "GoldenEye is entertainment, not as classy as some of those before, but among the very best in the series.Perhaps the greatest portrayal of the lead character, with Brosnan and certainly the best opening sequence. There's no way he could make it, heh. The first half much better than the second, they all seem to go on and on though. The Bond girl Scorupco, one of the weakest. However Janssen makes up for it, taking the whole Grace Jones villainess role to another level. Bean an excellent counterpart as well. The secondary characters all decent, could do without Dench though. The song by Tina Turner, outstanding.Alec: For England, James? Bond: No. For me!", "One of my favourite quotes from this film you know. As for GoldenEye, I consider it the best of the Pierce Brosnan Bond films. Pierce Brosnan makes for a great and likable title character, and Judi Dench is rock-solid as always as M. Izabella Scorupco is a splendid Natalya and I loved feisty Xenia, marvellously played by Famke Janssen, who kills her victims by crushing them between her thighs, while Janus is wonderfully mysterious as a villain. Technically, GoldenEye can't be faulted either. The cinematography is beautiful, while the locations are superb and the stunts perfectly done especially the car chase through the streets of St Petersburg. The music and theme song are very memorable too, the pacing is brisk and the script and plot are well intact. GoldenEye mayn't be the best Bond film ever, but it is for me one of the more enjoyable ones. 9/10 Bethany Cox", 'This film is the best of the classic James Bond films, i.e. those before the Daniel Craig reboot. It hits the right tone where it is not too serious but also not too silly either. The pacing is exciting and Pierce Brosnan is classy as always.', "The James Bond franchise, in cinematic terms, began in 1962 with Dr No. There followed a Bond movie every couple of years or so (the longest gap between two 007 films was the three-year-hiatus separating The Man With The Golden Gun - 1974 - and The Spy Who Loved Me - 1977). Then, in 1989, with the release of Licence To Kill the series seemed to die. The box office returns of that film were disappointing; the then-Bond actor Timothy Dalton was axed; the film itself was presented in a grittier, more adult style than fans were accustomed to; and various legal wranglings put the Bond character into limbo. Six long years went by without a Bond movie and many insiders predicted an end for the British super-spy and his outrageous screen adventures. Too much time had gone by, they said, no-one was interested any longer in the character or the stories. But then Goldeneye came along, with Pierce Brosnan as Bond - it went on to become a commercial hit, propelling its star into the A-list and reinvigorating the entire series.James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his secret agent colleague Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean) infiltrate a Russian military installation on a sabotage mission. During the mission, Alec is apparently killed by the enemy forces but Bond manages a miraculous escape. Several years later, a state-of-the-art helicopter is stolen from the West by some Russian spies and used to destroy a Siberian satellite station. When Bond investigates, he discovers to his surprise that the plot involves his old colleague Alec - who is very much alive, having faked his death in the earlier exchange. Trevelyan's plan is to get control of a powerful satellite called the Goldeneye and to use it to destroy a designated target on Earth - in this case, London. It emerges that his parents were Liensk Cossacks, brutally killed by the British when he was a boy, and he has long plotted a way to have his revenge. Bond teams up with a Russian computer programmer, Natalya Semyonova (Isabella Scorupco) and pursues Trevelyan around the globe in an effort to stop his sinister scheme. The trail leads to Cuba, where Trevelyan has a secret lair from which he is on the very brink of unleashing chaos upon the world.... unless 007 can find a way to thwart him.Goldeneye begins with a truly outrageous stunt involving Bond freefalling in pursuit of an unpiloted, plummeting airplane. This dumb but enjoyable scene sets the tone for the rest of the film - very much a tongue-in-cheek, improbable, action-orientated romp. Brosnan is OK as Bond, though I still feel Sean Connery and Roger Moore were slightly better suited to the role. Tina Turner's powerful theme song is very good, but the incidental scoring by Eric Serra has a tinny, tacky feel to it that makes one long for John Barry! As the bad guy, Sean Bean is effective enough even if he never quite matches the memorableness of the all-time great Bond villains (eg Dr No, Oddjob, Blofeld, Francisco Scaramanga). The Bond girls are very good in this one - Scorupco plays a pleasingly resourceful character, while Famke Janssen has great fun as a female baddie who crushes victims between her thighs. Goldeneye is by no means the best of the Bond series, but one has to be thankful to it for getting the dormant series up and running once more. And, in its pacy, breakneck way, it is undeniably a lot of fun.", 'Pierce Brosnan was the best looking and least likable of the six actors to play 007 for the Eon production team. No film demonstrates this better than this, his first.It\'s a new decade for James Bond. Now he works for a woman, has to be evaluated for mental fitness, and with the fall of the Soviet Union must rely on the friendship of old enemies not to mention the enmity of old friends. All this comes into play when he is sent to discover the reason for an explosion at a Russian satellite monitoring station.When "GoldenEye" came out, more than six years had passed since the last Bond movie. Many wondered if time had passed James by. The movie plays this up when Bond is called a "sexist, misogynistic dinosaur" by his new M (Judi Dench). Bond seems unfazed by this, and everything else."Trick is to quit while you\'re still ahead," says his most charming adversary in this adventure, Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen)."That\'s one trick I\'ve never learned," Bond replies.Brosnan looks fantastic in the action sequences, better than any Bond before him, and his James Coburn-like grin rivals Connery\'s smirk and Moore\'s raised eyebrow for a facial signature. Too bad his overall smugness gets in the way. Here\'s one Bond you actually root against, especially when pitted against Onatopp. Employing missionary zeal if not position in her quest for the perfect kill, Onatopp is one of Bond\'s most memorable adversaries, and a riot as played by the brave Janssen.Also helping matters a lot is the film\'s other Bond girl, Izabella Scorupco, and a nifty title song from Tina Turner written by Bono and The Edge that captures the spirit if not the sound of 1960s Bond movies. Q (Desmond Llewelyn) gets off some good lines.What loses me about this movie most is the second half, where a once-taut and plausible story (well, except for Bond jumping off a cliff and into an airplane) gives way to a lot of nonsense where Bond drives a tank through St. Petersburg and outraces a speeding train. Crazy visuals are one thing, but Bond kills more Russians in this movie than he did in the whole series up to this point, and many of them are innocent patriots who merely get in his way. So much for the end of the Cold War!Director Martin Campbell, who would go on to unretire Bond more effectively a second time in the later "Casino Royale", fashions a clean visual look that gives the action sequences added oomph. There\'s some wheat among the chaff in terms of dialogue, though the writers overdo the humor probably trying to compensate for the previous Bond, Timothy Dalton, whose sober mien was (unfairly) criticized by many. Let\'s just say that our first image of Brosnan as Bond shouldn\'t be of him hanging upside down in a toilet stall, but it is.The Brosnan of "GoldenEye" presents us with a good actor and an electric screen presence, but he lacks the occasional deferential quality other Bond actors had; the ability to look at his situation with an encouraging shrug or wink that allowed you to feel some kind of bond with him. Brosnan\'s about coolness and distance, which detract somewhat from the generally decent "GoldenEye", and would become more of a problem in time.']['Brosnan has the look, the style, the intelligence and the bravura that James Bond should have As charming, sophisticated, and always in control of the situation, Bond called upon all his ability for improvising escapes from truly impossible situations The new Bond drives a BMW, remains preferring his vodka martinis \'shaken but not stirred,\' and uses a Walther PPK, 7.65mm The famous announcement "Bond, James Bond" is changedThe plot line of "Goldeneye" revolves around an international terrorist organization calling itself Janus that steels a top-secret Russian weapon system named GoldenEye and threatens to use it to destroy a major European city unless paid offBond\'s mission was to find and stop the GoldenEye, struggling with a sadistic assassin, a treacherous general, an \'invincible\' computer hacker, and most dangerous of all, a colleague and friendThe opening scene is spectacular with a great bungee jump from a top of a dam to an exciting racing over a cliff in a motorcycle and skydiving into a crushing private plane Martin Campbell\'s film comes with a phenomenal tank chase through the streets of St. Petersburg; a brutal showdown in the jungle; and a battle to the death on a high gantryGoldeneye\'s female characters are honestly beautiful with particular techniques The bad one is Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), an ex-Soviet fighter pilot who tranquilly smokes big cigars and knocks off her victims with her \'killer thighs.\' In one scene, she challenges Bond\'s legendary Aston Martin DB5 to a wild road race outside Monte Carlo with her red Ferrari; in another she was so smart that she snatches a top-secret helicopter from under the noses of the French navyThe good Bond girl is the irresistible Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco) who \'tastes like strawberries.\' Natalya possesses all the technical ability to neutralize Janus\' scheme or to destroy all computer records with the GoldenEye As one who survived a mass murder, this lovely beauty is suddenly a marked womanThe other supporting actors are all fine:Sean Bean plays a potentially fascinating bad character, the embittered and cynical traitor who was believed to have been killed on a mission Alec Trevelyan has sworn revenge on the country that was responsible for his parents\' suicideAlan Cumming plays the \'invincible\' Boris Grishenko who sees crime as a chance to show off his skills; and Gottfried John, the renegade ambitious general who provides inside access to Russian military secretsAward-winning Judi Dench is terrific as Bond\'s unshaken spy chiefSamantha Bond as MoneyPenny puts forward for consideration that Bond\'s behavior might be interpreted as sexual harassmentSerena Gordon as the neurotic MI6 assessor Caroline evaluates 007 for just \'trying to show off the size of his ego.\'One familiar face among the MI6 staff was that of the redoubtable Q, played once again by Desmond Llewelyn who introduces 007 to his latest chariot, the BMW Z3 Although convertible, this agile vehicle doesn\'t play a significant action role in the film Q doesn\'t forget to deliver Bond a typical leather belt, a watch that expels a laser beam, and a silver pen used to clever effectThe 17th Bond film takes us from Russia, Puerto Rico, Monaco and back to England It features one of the best title tunes performed by the "Queen of Rock & Roll," Tina TurnerFor trivia buffs: Kate Gayson appears as an extra at the Chemin De Fer table at Monte Carlo\'s gambling casino; she\'s the daughter of Eunice Gayson, who played Bond\'s fetching girlfriend, Sylvia Trench in the first two Bond films, "Dr. No" and "From Russia With Love." It was to Sylvia Trench that Sean Connery uttered his first line of dialog, "I admire your luck, Mr. ...?"', 'GoldenEye (1995) is my number 1 personal favorite movie of all time! James Bond 007 action film the best one that was ever made. In my opinion it is the best one I love this movie to death! I grew up watching it as a child and Pierce Brosnan is my number 1 favorite James Bond. GoldenEye is the first film to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming.I\'m a hard-core James Bond fan. I make no apologies for believing that Pierce Brosnan is the closest thing we\'ve seen to IAN FLEMING\'s James Bond. The reason because it is my favorite it is because I feel it is just action, action , action and more action. I never feel bored with it, or it is too over long like some Bond movies are it is fast paced, entertaining and hard core action. The plot is simply and the story never get\'s bored. It is a beautiful movie, with beautiful direction from Martin Campbell. The stunts are completely insane in scale in this movie and really dangerous.Music score is by Éric Serra, the title song is GoldenEye performed by Tina Turner. GoldenEye was released in 1995 after a six-year hiatus in the series caused by legal disputes, during which Timothy Dalton resigned from the role of James Bond and was replaced by Pierce Brosnan. M was also recast, with actress Judi Dench becoming the first woman to portray the character, replacing Robert Brown. The role of Miss Moneypenny was also recast, with Caroline Bliss being replaced by Samantha Bond: Desmond Llewelyn was the only actor to reprise his role, as Q. GoldenEye was the first Bond film made after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, which provided a background for the plot.Style and sophistication are in abundance - - "The name\'s Bond. James Bond." Goldeneye\'s female characters are honestly beautiful with particular techniques. The bad one is Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), an ex-Soviet fighter pilot who tranquilly smokes big cigars and knocks off her victims with her \'killer thighs.\' In one scene, she challenges Bond\'s legendary Aston Martin DB5 to a wild road race outside Monte Carlo with her red Ferrari: in another she was so smart that she snatches a top-secret helicopter from under the noses of the French navy. Izabella Scorupco is a great and the finest Bond girl, the irresistible Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco) who \'tastes like strawberries.\' Natalya possesses all the technical ability to neutralize Janus\' scheme or to destroy all computer records with the GoldenEye As one who survived a mass murder, this lovely beauty is suddenly a marked woman.James Bond investigates the theft of the control disk for the GoldenEye satellite. His investigation leads to an organization of arms dealers Janus and the reappearance of someone from Bond\'s past. James Bond must deal with betrayal of his old friend Alec Trevelyan (006) gone rogue, from using a satellite GoldenEye against London to cause a global financial meltdownWhy I also love this movie to death beside the action is because of the great villains who created evil characters. Such as: Sean Bean as Alec Trevelyan (006), Famke Janssen as Xenia Onatopp: A Georgian lust murderer, Gottfried John as General Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov and Alan Cumming as Boris Grishenko: A computer programmer.It was filmed in beautiful locations in Puerto Rico, Russia, England, UK and in the France.The movie has a lot of insane hard-core action (I counted TEN all-star ones during my last viewing), The stunts are completely insane in scale (bungee jumping in - Arkangel Chemical Weapons Facility a stunt man performed that stunt in the opening scene.) Bond with a motorcycle jumps on a plane and catches it. Bond drives a tank in Russia for the first time and he demolishes even police cars that was excellent scene. Bond a stuntman jumps out of the window in Russia. Alec Trevelyan\'s train depot - exploding train. The epic climatic fight on the end of the movie between Bond and Trevelyan in his secret Goldeneye satellite control dish in Cuba in which Bond drops Trevelyan out of dish beautiful and really crazy stunt performance.I love the soundtracks in this movie: Goldeneye by Tina Turner and The Experience of Love by Éric Serra. I just love everything about this movie from the actions, to the heroes, to the villains from acting everything abut this movie I just love so much.GoldenEye (1995) is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series to be produced by Eon Productions, and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming.10/10 my favorite James Bond number 1 movie. This film is amazing Totally mind-blowing I love it.', "World security is in danger , ¨Janus¨ , a terrorist organization has robbed the ¨Goldeneye¨ , an ultra secret weapon system -a spy satellite- and menaced to use it for destroying a city if doesn't pay and to cause a sabotage on the global financial markets . MI6 -Judi Dench as M- assigns to James Bond the mission to retrieve it . Of course , there's the usual breathtaking opening scene developed in a chemist arms factory located in Siberia . There Bond and agent 006 Alec Trevelyan -Sean Bean- will have to confront against Russian military , but Alec is imprisoned by General Ourumov -Gottfried John- and at the end takes place a deadly confrontation . The film has sensational and spectacularly difficult action set pieces , as the tank pursuit in the city of Saint Petesburg or the taking on the armored train . Action is well shot , , including a groundbreaking and impressive final confrontation developed in Janus headquarter , located in Island Cuba jungle . As always , it appears Q as gadget man who teaches Bond various tools as a bomb pencil that will have special importance posteriorly , besides a speed car -BMW- equipped with rockets launchers . As Bond girls are Famke Janssen as Xena in a sensationalistic and crazed interpretation as the orgasmic to whom all risk is a emotion . Thus , she steals a super-helicopter ¨Tiger¨ and facing off opponents .Izabella Scorupco as Natalya Simanova , a computer specialist , she is marvelous and enticing with a similar countenance to Ingrid Bergman . Plus , it appears unbilled Minnie Driver . Tina Turner sings stunningly the main title and atmospheric score by Eric Serra . The film was finely directed by Martin Campbell . Rating : good and entertaining .", 'GOLDENEYE, the long-delayed debut of Pierce Brosnan as James Bond, was a film mired in MGM\'s convoluted legal problems for six years, problems which had nothing to do with the 007 franchise, but which happened to fall at the worst possible time; after Timothy Dalton\'s \'Serious Bond\' experiment, LICENCE TO KILL, failed to break even in U.S. markets. Despite international grosses that made the film a profitable venture, many American critics, long grumbling that the Bond series had outlasted it\'s welcome, heaped abuse on the newer, leaner direction for \'Bond\', and it\'s taciturn, less light-hearted star...and, with MGM\'s decision to put the expensive series \'on hold\' until their own legal and financial issues could be resolved, LICENCE TO KILL became the unfair \'scapegoat\' for the delay.Much happened during the six-year hiatus; with the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Communist undercurrent of many Bond films (and the subject of most of Ian Fleming\'s novels) was lost; Richard Maibaum, the series\' most prolific screenwriter, passed away, and ill health forced legendary producer Albert (\'Cubby\') Broccoli to turn over his duties to his daughter Barbara, and stepson, Michael G. Wilson (thus ending the other \'prime\' 007 screenwriter\'s script contributions); many other key production figures would retire, die, or move on; and finally, as the delay continued, Timothy Dalton, nearing 50, announced that he was no longer interested in playing James Bond (sparking rumors that Eon Productions, no longer honor-bound by the senior Broccoli\'s choices, had given him \'the boot\').While all this opened the door for Pierce Brosnan\'s long-awaited debut as 007 (after his aborted first attempt, in THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS), with a new \'look\' and style for the franchise, whether audiences would even accept a new \'James Bond\' adventure was in doubt. Fortunately, everything \'worked\'. Brosnan, now 42, was more ruggedly believable as 007 than he would have been, at 34, and Dame Judi Dench, as the first woman \'M\' (referring to Bond as a "sexist, misogynist dinosaur"), proved a perfect successor to the late Bernard Lee. While the plot of the film, involving the master plan of a renegade Russian General (Gottfried John) and an assumed dead 006 (Sean Bean) to use an electronic warfare system (GoldenEye) against England was nothing new, Brosnan\'s daring-do and one-liners (with humor restored to the franchise), as he proved his value in the new world \'order\', found an audience \'primed\' for James Bond\'s return...and the welcome cameo of the series\' last original \'regular\', "Q" (Desmond Llewelyn, 81, and as cranky as ever), cemented 007\'s links to both the past and the future.James Bond\'s greatest crisis, whether he still had \'Box Office\', had been overcome, and with audience favorite Pierce Brosnan in place, his emergence into the 21st century was assured.', "GoldenEye is entertainment, not as classy as some of those before, but among the very best in the series.Perhaps the greatest portrayal of the lead character, with Brosnan and certainly the best opening sequence. There's no way he could make it, heh. The first half much better than the second, they all seem to go on and on though. The Bond girl Scorupco, one of the weakest. However Janssen makes up for it, taking the whole Grace Jones villainess role to another level. Bean an excellent counterpart as well. The secondary characters all decent, could do without Dench though. The song by Tina Turner, outstanding.Alec: For England, James? Bond: No. For me!", "One of my favourite quotes from this film you know. As for GoldenEye, I consider it the best of the Pierce Brosnan Bond films. Pierce Brosnan makes for a great and likable title character, and Judi Dench is rock-solid as always as M. Izabella Scorupco is a splendid Natalya and I loved feisty Xenia, marvellously played by Famke Janssen, who kills her victims by crushing them between her thighs, while Janus is wonderfully mysterious as a villain. Technically, GoldenEye can't be faulted either. The cinematography is beautiful, while the locations are superb and the stunts perfectly done especially the car chase through the streets of St Petersburg. The music and theme song are very memorable too, the pacing is brisk and the script and plot are well intact. GoldenEye mayn't be the best Bond film ever, but it is for me one of the more enjoyable ones. 9/10 Bethany Cox", 'This film is the best of the classic James Bond films, i.e. those before the Daniel Craig reboot. It hits the right tone where it is not too serious but also not too silly either. The pacing is exciting and Pierce Brosnan is classy as always.', "The James Bond franchise, in cinematic terms, began in 1962 with Dr No. There followed a Bond movie every couple of years or so (the longest gap between two 007 films was the three-year-hiatus separating The Man With The Golden Gun - 1974 - and The Spy Who Loved Me - 1977). Then, in 1989, with the release of Licence To Kill the series seemed to die. The box office returns of that film were disappointing; the then-Bond actor Timothy Dalton was axed; the film itself was presented in a grittier, more adult style than fans were accustomed to; and various legal wranglings put the Bond character into limbo. Six long years went by without a Bond movie and many insiders predicted an end for the British super-spy and his outrageous screen adventures. Too much time had gone by, they said, no-one was interested any longer in the character or the stories. But then Goldeneye came along, with Pierce Brosnan as Bond - it went on to become a commercial hit, propelling its star into the A-list and reinvigorating the entire series.James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his secret agent colleague Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean) infiltrate a Russian military installation on a sabotage mission. During the mission, Alec is apparently killed by the enemy forces but Bond manages a miraculous escape. Several years later, a state-of-the-art helicopter is stolen from the West by some Russian spies and used to destroy a Siberian satellite station. When Bond investigates, he discovers to his surprise that the plot involves his old colleague Alec - who is very much alive, having faked his death in the earlier exchange. Trevelyan's plan is to get control of a powerful satellite called the Goldeneye and to use it to destroy a designated target on Earth - in this case, London. It emerges that his parents were Liensk Cossacks, brutally killed by the British when he was a boy, and he has long plotted a way to have his revenge. Bond teams up with a Russian computer programmer, Natalya Semyonova (Isabella Scorupco) and pursues Trevelyan around the globe in an effort to stop his sinister scheme. The trail leads to Cuba, where Trevelyan has a secret lair from which he is on the very brink of unleashing chaos upon the world.... unless 007 can find a way to thwart him.Goldeneye begins with a truly outrageous stunt involving Bond freefalling in pursuit of an unpiloted, plummeting airplane. This dumb but enjoyable scene sets the tone for the rest of the film - very much a tongue-in-cheek, improbable, action-orientated romp. Brosnan is OK as Bond, though I still feel Sean Connery and Roger Moore were slightly better suited to the role. Tina Turner's powerful theme song is very good, but the incidental scoring by Eric Serra has a tinny, tacky feel to it that makes one long for John Barry! As the bad guy, Sean Bean is effective enough even if he never quite matches the memorableness of the all-time great Bond villains (eg Dr No, Oddjob, Blofeld, Francisco Scaramanga). The Bond girls are very good in this one - Scorupco plays a pleasingly resourceful character, while Famke Janssen has great fun as a female baddie who crushes victims between her thighs. Goldeneye is by no means the best of the Bond series, but one has to be thankful to it for getting the dormant series up and running once more. And, in its pacy, breakneck way, it is undeniably a lot of fun.", 'Pierce Brosnan was the best looking and least likable of the six actors to play 007 for the Eon production team. No film demonstrates this better than this, his first.It\'s a new decade for James Bond. Now he works for a woman, has to be evaluated for mental fitness, and with the fall of the Soviet Union must rely on the friendship of old enemies not to mention the enmity of old friends. All this comes into play when he is sent to discover the reason for an explosion at a Russian satellite monitoring station.When "GoldenEye" came out, more than six years had passed since the last Bond movie. Many wondered if time had passed James by. The movie plays this up when Bond is called a "sexist, misogynistic dinosaur" by his new M (Judi Dench). Bond seems unfazed by this, and everything else."Trick is to quit while you\'re still ahead," says his most charming adversary in this adventure, Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen)."That\'s one trick I\'ve never learned," Bond replies.Brosnan looks fantastic in the action sequences, better than any Bond before him, and his James Coburn-like grin rivals Connery\'s smirk and Moore\'s raised eyebrow for a facial signature. Too bad his overall smugness gets in the way. Here\'s one Bond you actually root against, especially when pitted against Onatopp. Employing missionary zeal if not position in her quest for the perfect kill, Onatopp is one of Bond\'s most memorable adversaries, and a riot as played by the brave Janssen.Also helping matters a lot is the film\'s other Bond girl, Izabella Scorupco, and a nifty title song from Tina Turner written by Bono and The Edge that captures the spirit if not the sound of 1960s Bond movies. Q (Desmond Llewelyn) gets off some good lines.What loses me about this movie most is the second half, where a once-taut and plausible story (well, except for Bond jumping off a cliff and into an airplane) gives way to a lot of nonsense where Bond drives a tank through St. Petersburg and outraces a speeding train. Crazy visuals are one thing, but Bond kills more Russians in this movie than he did in the whole series up to this point, and many of them are innocent patriots who merely get in his way. So much for the end of the Cold War!Director Martin Campbell, who would go on to unretire Bond more effectively a second time in the later "Casino Royale", fashions a clean visual look that gives the action sequences added oomph. There\'s some wheat among the chaff in terms of dialogue, though the writers overdo the humor probably trying to compensate for the previous Bond, Timothy Dalton, whose sober mien was (unfairly) criticized by many. Let\'s just say that our first image of Brosnan as Bond shouldn\'t be of him hanging upside down in a toilet stall, but it is.The Brosnan of "GoldenEye" presents us with a good actor and an electric screen presence, but he lacks the occasional deferential quality other Bond actors had; the ability to look at his situation with an encouraging shrug or wink that allowed you to feel some kind of bond with him. Brosnan\'s about coolness and distance, which detract somewhat from the generally decent "GoldenEye", and would become more of a problem in time.']