["As much as I want to rag this movie, make fun of it, call it all kinds of names, belittle it, mock it and otherwise totally trash it, I can't and that is for one reason: Steve Martin. Mr. Martin saves this movie from cinematic oblivion, allows this movie to survive, function and prosper. He is proof that an actor can save a sorry script, can raise the level of a story, can make a movie watchable. Mr. Martin proves once again that he is arguably the finest comedy actor today. He can take the dumbest line and make it sound brilliant; he can take the most insipid scene and raise it to the level of comedy or drama. Kudos to Steve Martin for his sterling performance. As for the other star, Diane Keaton, her performance is wonderful too, but it is Mr. Martin who carries this movie and once again proves that he is the star.", "I enjoyed this film, as I did Father of the Bride (1991), though I had to suspend my credulity a lot. This film was less realistic than the film it was based on, Father's Little Dividend (1951), with Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth Taylor.  For example, it's unlikely that George Banks, a highly successful business owner who obviously must think through his decisions, would be so impetuous as to sell the house he loves and end up having to buy it back at a significant mark-up. (George and Nina decide to sell following a rainstorm that caused their kitchen ceiling to leak, even though the house had two storeys above it.) The new baby *wing* which the Banks then decide to build on to their repurchased home is equally ridiculous, since the house is already huge and only young son Matty is still at home. Between the ill-conceived house sale and repurchase, the posh baby wing and the lavish baby shower, featuring storks flown in from Austria, I don't think George Banks could possibly have spent more money. In the previous film, Father of the Bride (1991), Bryan's parents were portrayed as wealthy, but George is clearly a millionaire himself. I did enjoy this movie -- it's funny, romantic and very warm, with beautiful sets -- but  I would have preferred a little less over-the-top consumerism.", 'That is one of my favorite lines, followed by "and pack up your things and hit the road!  And don\'t trample the daisies!"  Or he says something like that.Anyway.  I went and saw this in theaters and amazingly enough, I really liked it.  One of the best Steve Martin films next to Bowfinger and Planes, Trains and Automobiles.  I enjoyed the acting, I enjoyed the story and everything else about this movie that made it great.  It wasn\'t a comedy going from one zinger to the next but something well thought out and well written.If your looking for a lite movie with some fun, I recommend seeing this movie.', "I have watched this film loads since i have been a child. I love it!!! It's emotional and hilarious!! George and Frank absolutely crack me up but everyone does a great job in their roles. I like number 2 more than number 1 but both great films. A definate must see film!", "A sequel to immensely likable Father of the Bride, 'Father of the Bride Part II' is A Well-Done Sequel! Its enjoyable as well as emotional!'Father of the Bride Part II' Synopsis: George Banks must accept the reality of what his daughter's ascension from daughter to wife, and now, to mother means when placed into perspective against his own stage of life. 'Father of the Bride Part II' is worthy sequel of a wonderful prequel. The characters still appeal, the humor works & the emotional moments are heartfelt as well. Nancy Meyers & Charles Shyer's Screenplay is genuinely well-done. Charles Shyer's Direction, on the other-hand, is good. Cinematography & Editing are fair.Performance-Wise: Steve Martin is lovable. He reprises his part of a loving/possessive dad commendably. Diane Keaton is flawless, yet again. Kimberly Williams-Paisley is cute. George Newbern is sincere. Kieran Culkin is adequate. Martin Short entertains.On the whole, 'Father of the Bride Part II' is a satisfying sequel.", "as sequels go,this is film isn't too bad.i didn't think ti was quite as good as the first one,but it's not a bad effort.i didn't find it as funny,and some of Steve Martin's histrionics are old and seem forced a bit too me.really,this one doesn't quite have the same sincerity as the first.through much of this movie,i was all too aware i was watching a movie,whereas with firs tone,i was drawn in,and less aware i was watching a movie with people acting.having said that,there are some bright spots.for,one,this movie is just as touching as the first.and Eugene levy has a great cameo.and there is still some fun to be had.even though this may seem too high a rating after much of what i said above,i still think Father of the Bride II is a 7/10", "Mild SPOILERS are contained in the following comments. However, I believe everyone knows the story and how it turns out. The fun of the movie is seeing the actors, especially Martin.Steve Martin is back as George Banks, having just lost his daughter and basketball partner (Kimberly Williams as Annie ) to marriage, and now she is back home with her husband and a big announcement. She is pregnant. Of course everyone is happy, and the joy is doubled when Nina Banks (Diane Keaton as Annie's mom) finds out she is pregnant too. Poor George doesn't know if he can handle all this. After all, he is about to be a grandfather, he's not prepared to be a new father also. Martin Short is back as Franck Eggelhoffer, the unintelligible wedding planner. All ends well as both mom and daughter deliver their babies at the same time, in separate hospital rooms, so George has to go back and forth. The movie ends a few months later, and as Annie and her new baby are leaving, she gives dad a miniature basketball, a reminder to George that he can raise another basketball partner.", 'The first "Father of the Bride" film made us hold our sides in both laughter and tears, meshing Steve Martin\'s great comedic "Dad" character with the emotions of marrying off his "only" (to that point!) daughter. However, when viewing the sequel to this great film, I was cautious...too often, sequels play for exactly the same type of laughs as the original (think "Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls") and thus fail to deliver like their predecessor. Thankfully, "Father of the Bride II" does not fall into this trap.With daughter Annie (Kimberly Williams, who ratchets up her acting skills in this film compared to the first) announcing she is pregnant, father George (Martin) grapples with the conflicting emotions of becoming a grandfather. Further complicating things (and adding a bit of hilarity!) is the rather unexpected pregnancy of George\'s wife Nina (Diane Keaton). Thus, while coming to terms with his new identity, George also must deal with two pregnant women!Not only is this film filled with comedic genius, though, but it also delivers just as many (if not more) touching emotional moments. Whereas the first film captured George\'s equal parts happiness and sadness at seeing his daughter leave, this movie proves to be just as potent regarding George\'s identity crisis. With his whole life in flux (the comedic portion of the film), George begins to remember what really matters in the first place: family.Overall, this film is just as good as the original. The combination of genuine emotion and smart (not crude) humor is a welcome balance and counterpoint to other Hollywood fare. Let\'s just say that if a "Grandfather of the Bride" were in the works, I would be first in line.', "It's a sequel that definitely didn't need to be made, but despite that and some pointlessness that ensues within it- Father of the Bride Part II is an often charming little comedy that still manages to have the genuine heart of its predecessor. From the get go this film largely feels like a bunch of random ideas for a sequel strung together to form a plot. It's a bit messy, formulaic, and even corny at times- but somehow it still manages to be entertaining- and you won't want to stop watching in concern of what may happen next. The acting is about the same as before, Martin and Williams-Paisley often carry the film with their chemistry- and provide for the large heart the film has and honestly make it far more easy to watch. I don't know what it is about the film that I enjoyed so much, but it is bound to leave you smiling. It's not original, or as well done as the first film, but it manages to get in the same spirit and make me laugh quite a bit- and I think that's truly all you can ask to a sequel to a film about a wedding.My Rating: 7/10."]["As much as I want to rag this movie, make fun of it, call it all kinds of names, belittle it, mock it and otherwise totally trash it, I can't and that is for one reason: Steve Martin. Mr. Martin saves this movie from cinematic oblivion, allows this movie to survive, function and prosper. He is proof that an actor can save a sorry script, can raise the level of a story, can make a movie watchable. Mr. Martin proves once again that he is arguably the finest comedy actor today. He can take the dumbest line and make it sound brilliant; he can take the most insipid scene and raise it to the level of comedy or drama. Kudos to Steve Martin for his sterling performance. As for the other star, Diane Keaton, her performance is wonderful too, but it is Mr. Martin who carries this movie and once again proves that he is the star.", "I enjoyed this film, as I did Father of the Bride (1991), though I had to suspend my credulity a lot. This film was less realistic than the film it was based on, Father's Little Dividend (1951), with Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth Taylor.  For example, it's unlikely that George Banks, a highly successful business owner who obviously must think through his decisions, would be so impetuous as to sell the house he loves and end up having to buy it back at a significant mark-up. (George and Nina decide to sell following a rainstorm that caused their kitchen ceiling to leak, even though the house had two storeys above it.) The new baby *wing* which the Banks then decide to build on to their repurchased home is equally ridiculous, since the house is already huge and only young son Matty is still at home. Between the ill-conceived house sale and repurchase, the posh baby wing and the lavish baby shower, featuring storks flown in from Austria, I don't think George Banks could possibly have spent more money. In the previous film, Father of the Bride (1991), Bryan's parents were portrayed as wealthy, but George is clearly a millionaire himself. I did enjoy this movie -- it's funny, romantic and very warm, with beautiful sets -- but  I would have preferred a little less over-the-top consumerism.", 'That is one of my favorite lines, followed by "and pack up your things and hit the road!  And don\'t trample the daisies!"  Or he says something like that.Anyway.  I went and saw this in theaters and amazingly enough, I really liked it.  One of the best Steve Martin films next to Bowfinger and Planes, Trains and Automobiles.  I enjoyed the acting, I enjoyed the story and everything else about this movie that made it great.  It wasn\'t a comedy going from one zinger to the next but something well thought out and well written.If your looking for a lite movie with some fun, I recommend seeing this movie.', "I have watched this film loads since i have been a child. I love it!!! It's emotional and hilarious!! George and Frank absolutely crack me up but everyone does a great job in their roles. I like number 2 more than number 1 but both great films. A definate must see film!", "A sequel to immensely likable Father of the Bride, 'Father of the Bride Part II' is A Well-Done Sequel! Its enjoyable as well as emotional!'Father of the Bride Part II' Synopsis: George Banks must accept the reality of what his daughter's ascension from daughter to wife, and now, to mother means when placed into perspective against his own stage of life. 'Father of the Bride Part II' is worthy sequel of a wonderful prequel. The characters still appeal, the humor works & the emotional moments are heartfelt as well. Nancy Meyers & Charles Shyer's Screenplay is genuinely well-done. Charles Shyer's Direction, on the other-hand, is good. Cinematography & Editing are fair.Performance-Wise: Steve Martin is lovable. He reprises his part of a loving/possessive dad commendably. Diane Keaton is flawless, yet again. Kimberly Williams-Paisley is cute. George Newbern is sincere. Kieran Culkin is adequate. Martin Short entertains.On the whole, 'Father of the Bride Part II' is a satisfying sequel.", "as sequels go,this is film isn't too bad.i didn't think ti was quite as good as the first one,but it's not a bad effort.i didn't find it as funny,and some of Steve Martin's histrionics are old and seem forced a bit too me.really,this one doesn't quite have the same sincerity as the first.through much of this movie,i was all too aware i was watching a movie,whereas with firs tone,i was drawn in,and less aware i was watching a movie with people acting.having said that,there are some bright spots.for,one,this movie is just as touching as the first.and Eugene levy has a great cameo.and there is still some fun to be had.even though this may seem too high a rating after much of what i said above,i still think Father of the Bride II is a 7/10", "Mild SPOILERS are contained in the following comments. However, I believe everyone knows the story and how it turns out. The fun of the movie is seeing the actors, especially Martin.Steve Martin is back as George Banks, having just lost his daughter and basketball partner (Kimberly Williams as Annie ) to marriage, and now she is back home with her husband and a big announcement. She is pregnant. Of course everyone is happy, and the joy is doubled when Nina Banks (Diane Keaton as Annie's mom) finds out she is pregnant too. Poor George doesn't know if he can handle all this. After all, he is about to be a grandfather, he's not prepared to be a new father also. Martin Short is back as Franck Eggelhoffer, the unintelligible wedding planner. All ends well as both mom and daughter deliver their babies at the same time, in separate hospital rooms, so George has to go back and forth. The movie ends a few months later, and as Annie and her new baby are leaving, she gives dad a miniature basketball, a reminder to George that he can raise another basketball partner.", 'The first "Father of the Bride" film made us hold our sides in both laughter and tears, meshing Steve Martin\'s great comedic "Dad" character with the emotions of marrying off his "only" (to that point!) daughter. However, when viewing the sequel to this great film, I was cautious...too often, sequels play for exactly the same type of laughs as the original (think "Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls") and thus fail to deliver like their predecessor. Thankfully, "Father of the Bride II" does not fall into this trap.With daughter Annie (Kimberly Williams, who ratchets up her acting skills in this film compared to the first) announcing she is pregnant, father George (Martin) grapples with the conflicting emotions of becoming a grandfather. Further complicating things (and adding a bit of hilarity!) is the rather unexpected pregnancy of George\'s wife Nina (Diane Keaton). Thus, while coming to terms with his new identity, George also must deal with two pregnant women!Not only is this film filled with comedic genius, though, but it also delivers just as many (if not more) touching emotional moments. Whereas the first film captured George\'s equal parts happiness and sadness at seeing his daughter leave, this movie proves to be just as potent regarding George\'s identity crisis. With his whole life in flux (the comedic portion of the film), George begins to remember what really matters in the first place: family.Overall, this film is just as good as the original. The combination of genuine emotion and smart (not crude) humor is a welcome balance and counterpoint to other Hollywood fare. Let\'s just say that if a "Grandfather of the Bride" were in the works, I would be first in line.', "It's a sequel that definitely didn't need to be made, but despite that and some pointlessness that ensues within it- Father of the Bride Part II is an often charming little comedy that still manages to have the genuine heart of its predecessor. From the get go this film largely feels like a bunch of random ideas for a sequel strung together to form a plot. It's a bit messy, formulaic, and even corny at times- but somehow it still manages to be entertaining- and you won't want to stop watching in concern of what may happen next. The acting is about the same as before, Martin and Williams-Paisley often carry the film with their chemistry- and provide for the large heart the film has and honestly make it far more easy to watch. I don't know what it is about the film that I enjoyed so much, but it is bound to leave you smiling. It's not original, or as well done as the first film, but it manages to get in the same spirit and make me laugh quite a bit- and I think that's truly all you can ask to a sequel to a film about a wedding.My Rating: 7/10."]