['I found this to be a very interesting action with with Powers Boothe fun to watch as the main villain, thanks to his dialog and no-nonsense approach. At least he wasn\'t one of those talk-first, shoot-maybe-later clichés from the world of film. The hockey scenes in here are realistic, too. However, the rest of the film doesn\'t exactly exhibit realism: lots of hokey stuff in here, too. At the end, the action really gets carried away and brings the rating down on this to a manageable "7." Otherwise, it would be a minimum of "8" just for the entertainment value alone.After a slow start, it picks up when Boothe enters the movie. Then it never lets up. If you want a pure hour of action, this is it. There is no female lead in this movie, so you get no romance nor gratuitous sex scenes, which is a bit unusual. It\'s a straight crime story.One note: unless things have been changed, I was disappointed my DVD did not offer a widescreen version.', 'After the success of "Die Hard" there have been many movie clones of that great action film. There was "Die Hard on a Ship" ("Under Siege"), "Die Hard on a Train" ("Under Siege 2"), and "Die Hard on a Bus" ("Speed"), just to name a few. "Sudden Death" can be described as either "Die Hard on the Ice", "Die Hard at a Hockey Game" or "Die Hard in an Arena". You pick. Technically you could put all three titles into this movie and it\'ll still be pretty much the same thing. However, "Sudden Death" is one of the better "Die Hard" clones. It\'s an exciting movie about terrorists taking over the Pittsburgh Civic Arena where the decisive seventh game of the Stanley Cup Finals between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Chicago Blackhawks is being played. However there\'s a little difference here. The only people who know that hostages have taken over are the people in the VIP box (which includes the Vice President), the Secret Service men outside the arena, and an arena fire marshall who\'s two little kids are attending the game. The 17,000-plus fans attending the game have no idea whats really going on. That fire marshall is played by Belgian action star Jean-Claude Van Damme. I\'ve not been a big fan of Van Damme\'s films, but "Sudden Death" is easily his best movie to date. Van Damme plays Darren McCord, the fire marshall who finds out something\'s wrong when his little daughter is taken to the VIP box as a hostage after witnessing a killing. When McCord finds out what\'s going on, he does precisely what Bruce Willis did in "Die Hard", takes on the terrorists all by himself. The lead bad guy is portrayed by Powers Boothe in a frightening performance. He may not be quite as effective as Alan Rickman\'s villain in "Die Hard", but Boothe does a good job at being mean. Van Damme is also very good too (especially in one scene where he poses as the Penguins goalie to hide out from the bad guys who were chasing him). He\'s much better here than he was in "Timecop", teaming again with "Timecop" director Peter Hyams. The action scenes are splendid (both the gunplay and the action during the game), and the suspense has you on the edge. "Sudden Death" has a few silly moments here and there, but since this movie is such a good thrill ride, you won\'t care. This movie deserved to be a big hit at the box office and wasn\'t. I\'ll never understand why.***1/2 (out of four)', "Darren(Jean Claude Van Damme) is a firemen, he carries his sons to a Pittsburgh Penguin national Hockey play-off where is taking place the final.But the arena has been taken by a terrorists led by a cruel villain(Powers Boothe). The bad guys are holding the Vice President(Raymond J. Barry), as well as another authorities taken as hostages in a private box. The chief villain demanding a few billion dollars or he'll blow up the stadium because is wired with enough explosives for killing all around. Meanwhile an Inspector(Dorian Harewood) is also investigating the events and is captured our hero's daughter .This film is plenty of action and explosions and is quite amusing. Displays suspense, thriller, violence, great action scenes and stunts with sensational scenes. Jean Claude Van Damme gets a perfect part who plays cat-and-mouse- with a sardonic nasty, well played by Powers Boothe.The highlights film are the impressive fighting on the stadium's ceiling. The blowing up ,pyrotechnics,struggles are breathtaking but the picture is just another usual Hollywood product in the wake of ¨Die hard¨.Married only by lack credulity for feats of Van Damme and too many needlessly scenes. It packs a high budget and lavishly produced ,however, nowadays Van Damme performs a middling and low budget movies. Spectacular music score fitting to action film by John Debney(Sin city,Passion of Christ).The motion picture is professionally directed by Peter Hyams who repeats with Jean Claude in ¨Timecop¨ . He's an irregular director with hits(Relic,Outland,Capricorn one) and flops(Sound and thunder,End of days).", "Darren McCord, a fire safety officer at a hockey stadium, takes his two kids to a major Pittsburgh Penguins game. It just so happens to be the day that extortionist/thieves kidnap the vice president and hold him hostage at the stadium, thus putting himself and his children in mortal danger.Lets cut to the chase here, Sudden Death is a clone rip off of Die Hard, the action template movie that shines as bright as a newly formed bruise, but as copycats go {and there have been reams}, Peter Hyams' beefcake blunderbuss movie is an action junkie's delight. Jean Claude Van Damme {McCord obviously} flexes his muscles and not only beats seven bells of tar out of Powers Booth's criminal minions, he also proves to be a hero and loving father to his oblivious children. It's contrived for sure, I mean we get Jean sneaking on to the ice and taking up net minding duties, and it's certainly a script devoid of imagination. But it's got Van Damme fighting a hot kick ass babe in a penguin suit and a last fifteen minutes of high roof/dangling/swinging/exploding mayhem that does the action genre proud.It's no Die Hard, but what genre films are? Sudden Death in spite of its contrivances, is a film that is impossible not to enjoy if you are a like minded adult. 7/10", 'If you live anywhere other than Pittsburgh, this movie - much like Striking Distance - is a DVD that you can find in the $1 section. Here, it\'s a prized commodity, a remembrance of the Steel City in the 1990\'s and a time when the owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins\' wife decided that she wanted to make a movie.That\'s right - Howard Baldwin, chairman of the Pittsburgh Penguins, was one of the film\'s backers. The goal was to use the home opened between the Pens and the Chicago Blackhawks as a backdrop, but there was a lockout due to the owners and players not coming to terms. That meant that an exhibition game between the two teams didn\'t have the intensity that the filmmakers wanted, so they got the minor league Johnstown Chiefs and Wheeling Thunderbirds to play in front of 3,000 extras, with the rest of the crowd being cardboard cutouts. Seriously - look for the fake fans.Darren McCord (Van Damme!) may be French Canadian, but he\'s a true Yinzer. Once, he was a firefighter but he was unable to save a young girl from a house fire. He lost his wife and barely sees his family, who live in a nice house up on Mt. Washington while he\'s probably living in Carrick or Brookline (I\'m trying to make this review so Pittsburgh-centric that it will only appear as blips and bleeps to anyone outside of Allegheny County).Now he\'s the fire marshall for the Civic Arena - long gone for the several times renamed PPG Paints Arena - and finds himself in the midst of a terrorist situation when former CIA agent Joshua Foss (Powers Boothe, who played Jim Jones in the made for TV movie Guyana Tragedy: The Story of Jim Jones) wires the Igloo up with explosives and takes the Vice-President hostage.Yes, this is a movie directly tied into the end of a hockey game causing bombs to blow up an ice hockey arena. A film where JCVD does battle with the Pens\' penguin mascot, Iceburgh. Where even supposed good guys are really on the side of evil. And where Van Damme can create homemade flamethrowers and even get on the ice himself to save the day.If you\'re a fan of 1990\'s hockey, this is the film for you. Jay Caufield, Mario Lemieux and Luc Robitaille, as does venerable Pens announcer Mike Lange, who is one of the few announcers left who isn\'t some vanilla pretty boy who barely knows the game. Instead, he\'s given to loudly shouted Lange-isms like "She wants to sell my monkey!" and "Get in the fast lane, grandma! This bingo game is ready to roll!" You can hear his signature "It\'s a hockey night in Pittsburgh!" call in this film as well. Not to brag, but of all the names in my phone, the fact that I have Lange\'s makes me probably the happiest (we worked together on several radio commercials).Director Peter Hyams has an interesting IMDB list, working on films like Capricorn One, The Star Chamber, 2010, Outland, Running Scared, The Presidio, Stay Tuned and Timecop before this one. He\'d go on to make The Relic - a film I was asked to quiet down during my laugh-filled viewing of it at Mann\'s Chinese Theater - and End of Days. He elevates this above it being just another Die Hard clone.You know who else does? Powers Boothe. He\'s one of the best bad guys ever here. And to top it all off, he read the audio book of the film. This is the holy grail here in Pittsburgh, a valuable artifact worth its weight in pierogies.', 'I may be one of those movie buffs who\'s at least willing to confess that they\'re not a huge admirer or fan of a certain actor or director. Jean-Claude Van Damme would be near the top of my list of actors that I only admire although I\'ve seen a few films where he has his name is on the poster."Sudden Death" is the second film that Van Damme has starred in with photographer/director Peter Hyams ("End of Days", "Timecop") is at the helm.This film was based on an actual story by Karen Baldwin and is adapted into the story by Gene Quintano.The movie takes place at the Pittsburgh Civic Arena in Pittsburgh where the Chicago Blackhawks and the Pittsburgh Penquins are about to take the ice for the last game of the Stanley Cup finals.  Van Damme\'s character, Darren McCord, takes his son and daughter to the game.  As usual, the arena is packed with fans and the Vice President of the U.S. has come to see the game as well.  Unfortunately, Joshua Foss (Powers Boothe), a demented terrorist and a small band of terrorists take control of the Owner\'s box where the V.P. and several people.  Foss demands that he wants a billion dollars and how he wants to use it puzzles me.  However, at the end of each period, if his demand isn\'t met, Foss shoots someone and if the deal isn\'t done at the end of the game.  The arena is blown sky high with several explosives that are set all over the arena.Boothe is good here and he makes the threat very real, which is key to making any thriller.  He also shows some wit and in one particular scene, the Vice President curiously asks Foss "What kind of lunatic are you?" Foss responds - "The best kind."What draws McCord into the situation is when his daughter is taken up to the Owner\'s box.  From there on, the movie manages to make the excitement to be interesting.  One example would be the fight scenes that McCord has with a couple of thugs in the kitchen at two seperate times.  Just about every prop is used from the meat slicer to the bone, which goes through one of the neck of a terrorist.  Fun and yucky isn\'t it?The last half of the film is just about entertaining as the first half is.  I\'m undecided if "Sudden Death" would make the best thriller that involves a sports event and terrorists since John Frankenheimer\'s "Black Sunday".  Van Damme and Boothe are both good here.', "Since one of my favorite action star of this generation, Michael Jai White want to make an unofficial sequel to a 90s Die Hard scenario movie called Sudden Death staring the great Jean Claude Van Damme so naturally as a fan of Van Damme and all the Die Hard clone movies no matter how bad or low budget they are I'm quite excited to finally watch this movie for the first time ever and although its not quite awesome like I anticipated it still quite a treat tbh. Because there nothing original in this movie except the hockey stadium setting so all of my attention is on how good Van Damme carry this movie and needless to say, he does that pretty well with many unique ways to kill the bad guys especially the hilarious and definitely in my top 10 favorite Van Damme action sequences where he battles a villain in a mascot costume.", "Sudden Death just might be Jean-Claude Van Damme's best movie to date along with Hard Target,Bloodsport,Lionheart,and Cyborg!Powers Boothe is great and there is always action,great fights and interesting moments in the film!The film is very satisfying and entertaining and recommend for big time action fans!", "Van-Damme is known for acting in two film genres: Action and Martial-Arts. His best martial arts film is BloodSport, also thought to be one of the best movies of all time in it's genre. This movie - Sudden Death - is his best action film.Great action scenes, some very hilarious scenes, and great overall action and suspense make this a great action movie overall.If you like action movies, you'll love this one. If you are a Van-Damme fan, this is a must-see.9/10"]['I found this to be a very interesting action with with Powers Boothe fun to watch as the main villain, thanks to his dialog and no-nonsense approach. At least he wasn\'t one of those talk-first, shoot-maybe-later clichés from the world of film. The hockey scenes in here are realistic, too. However, the rest of the film doesn\'t exactly exhibit realism: lots of hokey stuff in here, too. At the end, the action really gets carried away and brings the rating down on this to a manageable "7." Otherwise, it would be a minimum of "8" just for the entertainment value alone.After a slow start, it picks up when Boothe enters the movie. Then it never lets up. If you want a pure hour of action, this is it. There is no female lead in this movie, so you get no romance nor gratuitous sex scenes, which is a bit unusual. It\'s a straight crime story.One note: unless things have been changed, I was disappointed my DVD did not offer a widescreen version.', 'After the success of "Die Hard" there have been many movie clones of that great action film. There was "Die Hard on a Ship" ("Under Siege"), "Die Hard on a Train" ("Under Siege 2"), and "Die Hard on a Bus" ("Speed"), just to name a few. "Sudden Death" can be described as either "Die Hard on the Ice", "Die Hard at a Hockey Game" or "Die Hard in an Arena". You pick. Technically you could put all three titles into this movie and it\'ll still be pretty much the same thing. However, "Sudden Death" is one of the better "Die Hard" clones. It\'s an exciting movie about terrorists taking over the Pittsburgh Civic Arena where the decisive seventh game of the Stanley Cup Finals between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Chicago Blackhawks is being played. However there\'s a little difference here. The only people who know that hostages have taken over are the people in the VIP box (which includes the Vice President), the Secret Service men outside the arena, and an arena fire marshall who\'s two little kids are attending the game. The 17,000-plus fans attending the game have no idea whats really going on. That fire marshall is played by Belgian action star Jean-Claude Van Damme. I\'ve not been a big fan of Van Damme\'s films, but "Sudden Death" is easily his best movie to date. Van Damme plays Darren McCord, the fire marshall who finds out something\'s wrong when his little daughter is taken to the VIP box as a hostage after witnessing a killing. When McCord finds out what\'s going on, he does precisely what Bruce Willis did in "Die Hard", takes on the terrorists all by himself. The lead bad guy is portrayed by Powers Boothe in a frightening performance. He may not be quite as effective as Alan Rickman\'s villain in "Die Hard", but Boothe does a good job at being mean. Van Damme is also very good too (especially in one scene where he poses as the Penguins goalie to hide out from the bad guys who were chasing him). He\'s much better here than he was in "Timecop", teaming again with "Timecop" director Peter Hyams. The action scenes are splendid (both the gunplay and the action during the game), and the suspense has you on the edge. "Sudden Death" has a few silly moments here and there, but since this movie is such a good thrill ride, you won\'t care. This movie deserved to be a big hit at the box office and wasn\'t. I\'ll never understand why.***1/2 (out of four)', "Darren(Jean Claude Van Damme) is a firemen, he carries his sons to a Pittsburgh Penguin national Hockey play-off where is taking place the final.But the arena has been taken by a terrorists led by a cruel villain(Powers Boothe). The bad guys are holding the Vice President(Raymond J. Barry), as well as another authorities taken as hostages in a private box. The chief villain demanding a few billion dollars or he'll blow up the stadium because is wired with enough explosives for killing all around. Meanwhile an Inspector(Dorian Harewood) is also investigating the events and is captured our hero's daughter .This film is plenty of action and explosions and is quite amusing. Displays suspense, thriller, violence, great action scenes and stunts with sensational scenes. Jean Claude Van Damme gets a perfect part who plays cat-and-mouse- with a sardonic nasty, well played by Powers Boothe.The highlights film are the impressive fighting on the stadium's ceiling. The blowing up ,pyrotechnics,struggles are breathtaking but the picture is just another usual Hollywood product in the wake of ¨Die hard¨.Married only by lack credulity for feats of Van Damme and too many needlessly scenes. It packs a high budget and lavishly produced ,however, nowadays Van Damme performs a middling and low budget movies. Spectacular music score fitting to action film by John Debney(Sin city,Passion of Christ).The motion picture is professionally directed by Peter Hyams who repeats with Jean Claude in ¨Timecop¨ . He's an irregular director with hits(Relic,Outland,Capricorn one) and flops(Sound and thunder,End of days).", "Darren McCord, a fire safety officer at a hockey stadium, takes his two kids to a major Pittsburgh Penguins game. It just so happens to be the day that extortionist/thieves kidnap the vice president and hold him hostage at the stadium, thus putting himself and his children in mortal danger.Lets cut to the chase here, Sudden Death is a clone rip off of Die Hard, the action template movie that shines as bright as a newly formed bruise, but as copycats go {and there have been reams}, Peter Hyams' beefcake blunderbuss movie is an action junkie's delight. Jean Claude Van Damme {McCord obviously} flexes his muscles and not only beats seven bells of tar out of Powers Booth's criminal minions, he also proves to be a hero and loving father to his oblivious children. It's contrived for sure, I mean we get Jean sneaking on to the ice and taking up net minding duties, and it's certainly a script devoid of imagination. But it's got Van Damme fighting a hot kick ass babe in a penguin suit and a last fifteen minutes of high roof/dangling/swinging/exploding mayhem that does the action genre proud.It's no Die Hard, but what genre films are? Sudden Death in spite of its contrivances, is a film that is impossible not to enjoy if you are a like minded adult. 7/10", 'If you live anywhere other than Pittsburgh, this movie - much like Striking Distance - is a DVD that you can find in the $1 section. Here, it\'s a prized commodity, a remembrance of the Steel City in the 1990\'s and a time when the owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins\' wife decided that she wanted to make a movie.That\'s right - Howard Baldwin, chairman of the Pittsburgh Penguins, was one of the film\'s backers. The goal was to use the home opened between the Pens and the Chicago Blackhawks as a backdrop, but there was a lockout due to the owners and players not coming to terms. That meant that an exhibition game between the two teams didn\'t have the intensity that the filmmakers wanted, so they got the minor league Johnstown Chiefs and Wheeling Thunderbirds to play in front of 3,000 extras, with the rest of the crowd being cardboard cutouts. Seriously - look for the fake fans.Darren McCord (Van Damme!) may be French Canadian, but he\'s a true Yinzer. Once, he was a firefighter but he was unable to save a young girl from a house fire. He lost his wife and barely sees his family, who live in a nice house up on Mt. Washington while he\'s probably living in Carrick or Brookline (I\'m trying to make this review so Pittsburgh-centric that it will only appear as blips and bleeps to anyone outside of Allegheny County).Now he\'s the fire marshall for the Civic Arena - long gone for the several times renamed PPG Paints Arena - and finds himself in the midst of a terrorist situation when former CIA agent Joshua Foss (Powers Boothe, who played Jim Jones in the made for TV movie Guyana Tragedy: The Story of Jim Jones) wires the Igloo up with explosives and takes the Vice-President hostage.Yes, this is a movie directly tied into the end of a hockey game causing bombs to blow up an ice hockey arena. A film where JCVD does battle with the Pens\' penguin mascot, Iceburgh. Where even supposed good guys are really on the side of evil. And where Van Damme can create homemade flamethrowers and even get on the ice himself to save the day.If you\'re a fan of 1990\'s hockey, this is the film for you. Jay Caufield, Mario Lemieux and Luc Robitaille, as does venerable Pens announcer Mike Lange, who is one of the few announcers left who isn\'t some vanilla pretty boy who barely knows the game. Instead, he\'s given to loudly shouted Lange-isms like "She wants to sell my monkey!" and "Get in the fast lane, grandma! This bingo game is ready to roll!" You can hear his signature "It\'s a hockey night in Pittsburgh!" call in this film as well. Not to brag, but of all the names in my phone, the fact that I have Lange\'s makes me probably the happiest (we worked together on several radio commercials).Director Peter Hyams has an interesting IMDB list, working on films like Capricorn One, The Star Chamber, 2010, Outland, Running Scared, The Presidio, Stay Tuned and Timecop before this one. He\'d go on to make The Relic - a film I was asked to quiet down during my laugh-filled viewing of it at Mann\'s Chinese Theater - and End of Days. He elevates this above it being just another Die Hard clone.You know who else does? Powers Boothe. He\'s one of the best bad guys ever here. And to top it all off, he read the audio book of the film. This is the holy grail here in Pittsburgh, a valuable artifact worth its weight in pierogies.', 'I may be one of those movie buffs who\'s at least willing to confess that they\'re not a huge admirer or fan of a certain actor or director. Jean-Claude Van Damme would be near the top of my list of actors that I only admire although I\'ve seen a few films where he has his name is on the poster."Sudden Death" is the second film that Van Damme has starred in with photographer/director Peter Hyams ("End of Days", "Timecop") is at the helm.This film was based on an actual story by Karen Baldwin and is adapted into the story by Gene Quintano.The movie takes place at the Pittsburgh Civic Arena in Pittsburgh where the Chicago Blackhawks and the Pittsburgh Penquins are about to take the ice for the last game of the Stanley Cup finals.  Van Damme\'s character, Darren McCord, takes his son and daughter to the game.  As usual, the arena is packed with fans and the Vice President of the U.S. has come to see the game as well.  Unfortunately, Joshua Foss (Powers Boothe), a demented terrorist and a small band of terrorists take control of the Owner\'s box where the V.P. and several people.  Foss demands that he wants a billion dollars and how he wants to use it puzzles me.  However, at the end of each period, if his demand isn\'t met, Foss shoots someone and if the deal isn\'t done at the end of the game.  The arena is blown sky high with several explosives that are set all over the arena.Boothe is good here and he makes the threat very real, which is key to making any thriller.  He also shows some wit and in one particular scene, the Vice President curiously asks Foss "What kind of lunatic are you?" Foss responds - "The best kind."What draws McCord into the situation is when his daughter is taken up to the Owner\'s box.  From there on, the movie manages to make the excitement to be interesting.  One example would be the fight scenes that McCord has with a couple of thugs in the kitchen at two seperate times.  Just about every prop is used from the meat slicer to the bone, which goes through one of the neck of a terrorist.  Fun and yucky isn\'t it?The last half of the film is just about entertaining as the first half is.  I\'m undecided if "Sudden Death" would make the best thriller that involves a sports event and terrorists since John Frankenheimer\'s "Black Sunday".  Van Damme and Boothe are both good here.', "Since one of my favorite action star of this generation, Michael Jai White want to make an unofficial sequel to a 90s Die Hard scenario movie called Sudden Death staring the great Jean Claude Van Damme so naturally as a fan of Van Damme and all the Die Hard clone movies no matter how bad or low budget they are I'm quite excited to finally watch this movie for the first time ever and although its not quite awesome like I anticipated it still quite a treat tbh. Because there nothing original in this movie except the hockey stadium setting so all of my attention is on how good Van Damme carry this movie and needless to say, he does that pretty well with many unique ways to kill the bad guys especially the hilarious and definitely in my top 10 favorite Van Damme action sequences where he battles a villain in a mascot costume.", "Sudden Death just might be Jean-Claude Van Damme's best movie to date along with Hard Target,Bloodsport,Lionheart,and Cyborg!Powers Boothe is great and there is always action,great fights and interesting moments in the film!The film is very satisfying and entertaining and recommend for big time action fans!", "Van-Damme is known for acting in two film genres: Action and Martial-Arts. His best martial arts film is BloodSport, also thought to be one of the best movies of all time in it's genre. This movie - Sudden Death - is his best action film.Great action scenes, some very hilarious scenes, and great overall action and suspense make this a great action movie overall.If you like action movies, you'll love this one. If you are a Van-Damme fan, this is a must-see.9/10"]